[sales:](/plans/enterprise/contact/) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1
650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) | support

  * [contact support](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/support)
  * [help center](https://support.cloudflare.com/)
  * [cloudflare community](https://community.cloudflare.com/)

| my account

  * [my profile](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile)
  * [account home](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/)
  * [billing](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/billing)
  * [secure remote employees with cloudflare](/teams)

| english

  * [english](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-us/website-terms/)
  * [english (united kingdom)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/website-terms/)
  * [english (canada)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/website-terms/)
  * [english (australia)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/website-terms/)
  * [english (india)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/website-terms/)
  * [deutsch](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/website-terms/)
  * [español (españa)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/website-terms/)
  * [español (latinoamérica)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/website-terms/)
  * [français](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/website-terms/)
  * [italiano](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/website-terms/)
  * [日本語](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/website-terms/)
  * [한국어](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/website-terms/)
  * [português](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/website-terms/)
  * [繁體中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/website-terms/)
  * [简体中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/website-terms/)

[support](https://support.cloudflare.com/) |
[sales:](/plans/enterprise/contact/) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1
650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) | english ▶▼

  * [english](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-us/website-terms/)
  * [english (united kingdom)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/website-terms/)
  * [english (canada)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/website-terms/)
  * [english (australia)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/website-terms/)
  * [english (india)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/website-terms/)
  * [deutsch](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/website-terms/)
  * [español (españa)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/website-terms/)
  * [español (latinoamérica)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/website-terms/)
  * [français](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/website-terms/)
  * [italiano](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/website-terms/)
  * [日本語](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/website-terms/)
  * [한국어](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/website-terms/)
  * [português](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/website-terms/)
  * [繁體中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/website-terms/)
  * [简体中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/website-terms/)

[ ![cloudflare](/img/logo-cloudflare-dark.svg) ![cloudflare](/img/logo-
cloudflare.svg) ](/)

  * solutions 
  * products 
  * documentation 
  * resources 
  * partners 
  * [ for enterprise ](/enterprise/)
  * pricing 

  * [ log in ](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login)
  * [ sign up ](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up)
  * under attack?

solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/) for
infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) for infrastructure
advanced security [bot management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) resources [resource
hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper)
[webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product guides](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case studies](/case-studies/)
[analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-new/) [network
map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930) channel & alliance partners [partner
network](/partners/) [partner portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com)
technology partners [overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/) pricing by plan [free](/plans/)
[pro](/plans/pro/) [business](/plans/business/)
[enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and explore [need help choosing a
plan?](/about-your-website/) [add ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all
plans](/plans/)

  * solutions
solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/)

  * products
for infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/)

  * documentation
for infrastructure advanced security [bot
management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/)

  * resources
resources [resource hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper) [webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product
guides](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case
studies](/case-studies/) [analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-
new/) [network map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930)

  * partners
channel & alliance partners [partner network](/partners/) [partner
portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com) technology partners
[overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/)

  * [for enterprise](/enterprise/)
  * pricing
pricing by plan [free](/plans/) [pro](/plans/pro/)
[business](/plans/business/) [enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and
explore [need help choosing a plan?](/about-your-website/) [add
ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all plans](/plans/)

  * support
[contact support](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/support) [help
center](https://support.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
community](https://community.cloudflare.com/)

  * my account
[my profile](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile) [account
home](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/)
[billing](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/billing) [secure remote
employees with cloudflare](/teams/)

  * english 
    * [ english (united kingdom) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/)
    * [ english (canada) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/)
    * [ english (australia) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/)
    * [ english (india) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/)
    * [ deutsch ](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/)
    * [ español (españa) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/)
    * [ español (latinoamérica) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/)
    * [ français ](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/)
    * [ italiano ](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/)
    * [ 日本語 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/)
    * [ 한국어 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/)
    * [ português ](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/)
    * [ 繁體中文 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/)
    * [ 简体中文 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/)
[log in](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) [sign
up](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up)

  * under attack?

solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/) for
infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) for infrastructure
advanced security [bot management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) resources [resource
hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper)
[webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product guides](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case studies](/case-studies/)
[analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-new/) [network
map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930) channel & alliance partners [partner
network](/partners/) [partner portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com)
technology partners [overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/) pricing by plan [free](/plans/)
[pro](/plans/pro/) [business](/plans/business/)
[enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and explore [need help choosing a
plan?](/about-your-website/) [add ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all
plans](/plans/)

## ddos protection hotline

![success logo](/img/icon_check-white.svg)

### thank you

someone from cloudflare will be in touch with you shortly. [CLS] [SEP]

  * contact us
  * [help! i'm under attack!](/under-attack-hotline/)
  * [email sales](/plans/enterprise/contact/)
  * [support](https://support.cloudflare.com/)
  * [1-888-993-5273](tel:18889935273)

# cloudflare website and online services terms of use

effective march 31, 2020

_welcome to cloudflare! as used in these terms of use, "cloudflare", "us" or
"we" refers to cloudflare, inc. [CLS] [SEP] and its affiliates._

* * *

please read the following carefully as it affects your legal rights. [CLS] [SEP] these
terms of use (“terms”), along with cloudflare’s [privacy
policy](/privacypolicy/), govern your use of cloudflare’s websites and online
services. [CLS] [SEP] for the purposes of these terms, (i) “websites” refers to
www.cloudflare.com, as well as the other websites that cloudflare operates and
that link to these terms, and (ii) “online services” means cloudflare’s
products and services that are publicly available without a subscription or a
cloudflare account, including, but not limited to, the 1.1.1.1 public dns
resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for families, cloudflare time services,
and rpki portal. [CLS] [SEP] if you do not agree to these terms, you must not access or
use our websites or online services. [CLS] [SEP]

these terms do not apply to your access and use of the cloudflare products and
services that are provided under the [self-serve subscription
agreement](/terms/), the [enterprise subscription
agreement](/enterpriseterms/), or other written agreement signed between you
and cloudflare (if applicable). [CLS] [SEP]

if there is a conflict between these terms and additional terms applicable to
a given website or online service, the additional terms will control for that
conflict. [CLS] [SEP]

  1. [CLS] [SEP] eligibility 

by agreeing to these terms, you represent and warrant to us: (i) that you are
at least eighteen (18) years of age; (ii) that you have not previously been
suspended or removed from the websites and online services and (iii) that your
use of the websites and online services is in compliance with any and all
applicable laws and regulations. [CLS] [SEP]

  2. [CLS] [SEP] license grant to cloudflare 

by submitting, posting, or publishing your content, suggestions, enhancement
requests, recommendations, feedback, information, data, or comments
(“content”) to any website or online service, you are granting cloudflare a
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and
license (with the right to sublicense) to use, incorporate, exploit, display,
perform, reproduce, distribute, and prepare derivative works of your content. [CLS] [SEP]
you will retain ownership of your content, however, any use of your content by
cloudflare may be without any compensation paid to you. [CLS] [SEP] by submitting,
posting, and publishing your content, you represent and warrant that your
content, does not: (i) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party
right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right,
privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or
proprietary right; or (ii) slander, defame, or libel any third-party. [CLS] [SEP]

  3. [CLS] [SEP] infringement and abuse 

except as otherwise provided in our [supplemental terms](/supplemental-
terms/), cloudflare is a pass-through network used to improve network
performance, not a hosting provider and as such, we have no way of removing
improper or infringing material from our users’ websites, third party sites or
their hosting services. [CLS] [SEP] copyright holders or their agents concerned with
material served through cloudflare’s network should submit a notification of
claimed copyright infringement or other abuse through our automated form
located at [https://www.cloudflare.com/abuse/](/abuse/). [CLS] [SEP]

if you would prefer not to use our complaint submission form, you may mail
your complaint to:

cloudflare, inc. [CLS] [SEP]  
attn: legal department  
101 townsend st,  
san francisco, ca 94107

please provide detailed information supporting your complaint as well as an
affidavit attesting to its validity. [CLS] [SEP]

please bear in mind that unless you have requested us not to share your
information through the opt-out procedure described on our abuse page,
cloudflare may provide copies of, or information from your notification or
complaint to anyone it considers appropriate, including but not limited to the
cloudflare user whom the notification or complaint relates to, the cloudflare
user’s hosting provider, website operator and visitors of cloudflare’s own
website. [CLS] [SEP] for more information about how cloudflare handles complaints please
visit [https://www.cloudflare.com/abuse/](/abuse/). [CLS] [SEP]

  4. [CLS] [SEP] termination of use; discontinuation and modification of the websites and online services 

we may at our sole discretion suspend or terminate your access to the websites
and/or online services at any time, with or without notice for any reason or
no reason at all. [CLS] [SEP] we also reserve the right to modify or discontinue the
websites and/or online services at any time (including, without limitation, by
limiting or discontinuing certain features of the websites and/or online
services) without notice to you. [CLS] [SEP] we will have no liability whatsoever on
account of any change to the websites and/or online services or any suspension
or termination of your access to or use of the websites and/or online
services. [CLS] [SEP]

  5. [CLS] [SEP] third-party websites 

the websites and online services may contain links to third-party websites. [CLS] [SEP]
such linked websites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for
their content. [CLS] [SEP]

  6. [CLS] [SEP] ownership; proprietary rights 

the visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data,
computer code (including source code or object code), products, software,
services, and all other elements of the websites and online services (the
“materials”) provided by cloudflare are protected by all relevant intellectual
property and proprietary rights and applicable laws. [CLS] [SEP] all materials contained
in the websites and online services are the property of cloudflare or our
third-party licensors. [CLS] [SEP] except as expressly authorized by cloudflare you may
not make use of the materials. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare reserves all rights to the materials
not granted expressly in these terms. [CLS] [SEP]

  7. [CLS] [SEP] prohibited uses 

as a condition of your use of the websites and online services, you will not
use the websites or online services for any purpose that is unlawful or
prohibited by these terms. [CLS] [SEP] you may not use the websites or online services in
any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, disrupt or impair any
cloudflare servers or apis, or any networks connected to any cloudflare server
or apis, or that could interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of
any websites or online services. [CLS] [SEP] you may not transmit any viruses, worms,
defects, trojan horses, or any items of a destructive nature through your use
of websites or online services. [CLS] [SEP] you may not exceed or circumvent, or try to
exceed or circumvent, limitations on the websites or online services,
including on any api calls, or otherwise use the websites or online services
in a manner that violates any cloudflare documentation or user manuals. [CLS] [SEP] you
may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any websites or online
services, other accounts, computer systems, or networks connected to any
cloudflare server or to any of the websites or online services through
hacking, password mining, or any other means. [CLS] [SEP] you may not obtain or attempt to
obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made
available through the websites or online services. [CLS] [SEP] you may not to use the
websites or online services in any way that violates any applicable federal,
state, local, or international law or regulation (including, without
limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the
us or other countries). [CLS] [SEP]

  8. [CLS] [SEP] indemnity 

you agree that you will be responsible for your use of the websites and online
services, and you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless cloudflare and
its officers, directors, employees, consultants, affiliates, subsidiaries and
agents (collectively, the "cloudflare entities") from and against any and all
claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with (i)
your access to, use of, or alleged use of the websites and online services;
(ii) your violation of these terms or any representation, warranty, or
agreements referenced herein, or any applicable law or regulation; (iii) your
violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any
intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy
right; or (iv) any disputes or issues between you and any third party. [CLS] [SEP] we
reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and
control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you (and without
limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to such matter), and in
such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim. [CLS] [SEP]

  9. [CLS] [SEP] disclaimers; no warranties 

the websites and online services are made available to you on an "as is" and
"as available" basis, with the express understanding that the cloudflare
entities have no obligation to monitor, control, or vet the content or data
appearing on the websites and online services. [CLS] [SEP] as such, your use of the
websites and online services is at your own discretion and risk. [CLS] [SEP] the
cloudflare entities make no claims or promises about the quality, accuracy, or
reliability of the websites and online services and expressly disclaim all
warranties, whether express or implied, including implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. [CLS] [SEP]

  10. [CLS] [SEP] limitation of liability 

in no event will the cloudflare entities be liable to you or any third party
for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive
damages arising out of or relating to your access to or use of, or your
inability to access or use, the websites and online services or any materials
or content on the websites and online services, whether based on warranty,
contract, tort (including negligence), statute, or any other legal theory,
whether or not the cloudflare entities have been informed of the possibility
of such damage. [CLS] [SEP]

  11. [CLS] [SEP] governing law 

these terms will be governed by the laws of the state of california without
regard to conflict of law principles. [CLS] [SEP] to the extent that any lawsuit or court
proceeding is permitted hereunder, you and cloudflare agree to submit to the
personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
within san francisco county, california for the purpose of litigating all such
disputes. [CLS] [SEP]

  12. [CLS] [SEP] changes to these terms 

cloudflare reserves the right to make modifications to these terms at any
time. [CLS] [SEP] revised versions of these terms will be posted to this website. [CLS] [SEP] unless
otherwise specified, any modifications to the terms will take effect the day
they are posted to this website. [CLS] [SEP] if you do not agree with the revised terms,
your sole and exclusive remedy will be to discontinue your use of the websites
and online services. [CLS] [SEP]

  13. [CLS] [SEP] general 

these terms, together with the privacy policy and any other agreements
expressly incorporated by reference herein, constitute the entire and
exclusive understanding and agreement between you and cloudflare regarding
your use of and access to the websites and online services. [CLS] [SEP] use of section
headers in these terms is for convenience only and will not have any impact on
the interpretation of particular provisions. [CLS] [SEP]  

you may not assign or transfer these terms or your rights hereunder, in whole
or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written
consent. [CLS] [SEP] we may assign these terms at any time without notice. [CLS] [SEP]  

the failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right
to require performance at any time thereafter, nor will a waiver of any breach
or default of these terms or any provision of these terms constitute a waiver
of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. [CLS] [SEP] in
the event that any part of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable,
the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible
and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect. [CLS] [SEP]  

you acknowledge that the websites and online services are not intended to be
technology protection measures that will help you comply with the children’s
online privacy protection act (coppa) or children's internet protection act
(cipa). [CLS] [SEP]  

upon termination of these terms, any provision that by its nature or express
terms should survive will survive such termination or expiration, including,
but not limited to, **section 2** and **sections 7** through **13**. [CLS] [SEP]

  14. [CLS] [SEP] contact information 

the websites and online services are operated by cloudflare, inc., located at
101 townsend st., san francisco, california 94107. [CLS] [SEP] you may contact us by
sending correspondence to the foregoing address or by emailing us at
[support@cloudflare.com](mailto: support@cloudflare.com). [CLS] [SEP] if you are a
california resident, you may have these terms mailed to you electronically by
sending a letter to the foregoing address with your electronic mail address
and a request for these terms. [CLS] [SEP]

### legal

  * [website terms of use](/website-terms)
  * [self-serve subscription agreement](/terms)
  * [supplemental terms](/supplemental-terms)
  * [privacy policy](/privacypolicy)
  * [cookie policy](/cookie-policy)
  * [trust & safety](/abuse)
  * [transparency report](/transparency)
  * [domain registration agreement](/domain-registration-agreement)
  * [modern slavery act statement](/modern-slavery-act-statement)

### have questions?

if you have questions about these terms or anything else about cloudflare,
please don't hesitate to contact us:

+1 (650) 319-8930

**cloudflare, inc.**  
101 townsend st,  
san francisco, ca 94107  
usa

  * sales ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ enterprise sales ](/plans/enterprise/contact/)
  * [ become a partner ](/partners/)

contact sales:  
[+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930)

  * getting started ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ industry analysts ](/analysts/)
  * [ pricing ](/plans/)
  * [ case studies ](/case-studies/)
  * [ white papers ](/resources/)
  * [ webinars ](/webinars/)
  * [ learning center ](/learning/)

  * community ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ community hub ](https://community.cloudflare.com)
  * [ blog ](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
  * [ project galileo ](/galileo/)
  * [ athenian project ](/athenian/)
  * [ cloudflare for campaigns ](/campaigns/)
  * [ cloudflare tv ](https://cloudflare.tv/)

  * developers ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ developer hub ](https://developers.cloudflare.com)
  * [ cloudflare workers ](/products/cloudflare-workers/)
  * [ integrations ](/integrations/)

  * support ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ help center ](https://support.cloudflare.com)
  * [ cloudflare status ](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com)
  * [ compliance ](/compliance/)
  * [ gdpr ](/gdpr/introduction/)
  * [ trust & safety ](/abuse/)

  * company ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ about cloudflare ](/about-overview/)
  * [ investor relations ](https://cloudflare.net)
  * [ our team ](/people/)
  * [ press ](/press/)
  * [ careers ](/careers/)
  * [ internet summit ](/internetsummit/)
  * [ logo ](/logo/)
  * [ network map ](/network/)

[![facebook](/img/footer/facebook.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/cloudflare/)
[![twitter](/img/footer/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/cloudflare)
[![linkedin](/img/footer/linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cloudflare)
[![youtube](/img/footer/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/cloudflare)
[![instagram](/img/footer/instagram.svg)](https://www.instagram.com/cloudflare)
(c) 2021 cloudflare, inc. [CLS] [SEP] [privacy policy](/privacypolicy/) [terms of
use](/website-terms/) [disclosure](/disclosure/) cookie preferences
[trademark](/trademark/)

to provide you with the best possible experience on our website, we may use
cookies, as described [here](/cookie-policy/). [CLS] [SEP]  
by clicking accept, closing this banner, or continuing to browse our websites,
you consent to the use of such cookies. [CLS] [SEP]

i accept

