[ adobe privacy center ](https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html)

  * [adobe privacy policy](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html "adobe privacy policy")
  * [cookies](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/cookies.html "cookies")
  * [gdpr](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/general-data-protection-regulation.html "gdpr")
  * [ccpa](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/ccpa.html "ccpa")
  * [law enforcement](https://www.adobe.com/legal/lawenforcementrequests.html "law enforcement")
  * [contact us](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/privacy-contact.html "contact us")

[ your privacy choices ](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html "your
privacy choices")

# adobe privacy policy

##

last updated: december 14, 2020

the adobe privacy policy describes the privacy practices of adobe’s apps and
websites. if you are a resident of north america, your relationship is with
adobe inc. (adobe u.s.) and the laws of california and the united states
apply.

if you reside outside of north america, your relationship is with adobe
systems software ireland limited (adobe ireland), which is the controller with
regard to your personal information collected by adobe, and the laws of
ireland apply.

please note that in order to use our apps and websites, you authorize adobe to
transfer your personal information across national borders and to other
countries where adobe and its partners operate, including the united states.
the privacy protections and rights of authorities to access your information
in these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. we will
only transfer your personal information to these countries where permitted to
do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal
information continues to receive appropriate protections. for more
information, please see the section “[does adobe transfer my personal
information across national
borders?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-transfer)”

if the content or information that you store on adobe apps or websites
contains personal information of other individuals, you must be legally
permitted to share the personal information with adobe.

### summary of key points

  * **where your consent is required, we will obtain your permission before (i) sending you news and promotional material about adobe; (ii) accessing information stored on your device relating to your use of, and engagement with, websites and apps (e.g. adobe connect meetings) and crash reports; and (iii) analyzing your content. you can withdraw your consent to such activities at any time.learn more.  
  
**

  * **this policy explains when we process personal information for our legitimate interests. you can ask us to stop processing this information.[learn more about your rights and how you can exercise them](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#rights).  
  
**

  * we use your personal information to enable you to register with adobe and to provide you with our websites and apps, and other products or services that you request. [learn more](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-use).  
  

  * we provide interactive features that engage with social media sites, such as facebook. if you use these features, these sites will send us personal information about you. learn more.  
  

  * we use cookies and other technologies to track the use of our websites and apps. to learn about opportunities to choose not to allow cookies, click [here](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html). if you are using our website in a browser, this information is also available in our [cookies policy](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/cookies.html).  
  

  * there are several places within adobe’s websites and apps that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, or submit content which will be publicly available where you choose to participate in these activities. we also disclose personal information to other companies in the adobe family and with advertising and sales partners consistent with your choices. we also share information with third parties we engage to process personal information on our behalf or when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations. [learn more](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#websites-applications).  
  

  * we transfer your personal information to the us and other countries, which may be outside the country in which you live. we use government-approved contractual clauses such as european commission approved standard contractual clauses to help protect your personal information. [learn more](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-transfer).  

* * *

[what does this privacy policy
cover?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#cover)

[what information does adobe collect about
me?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-collect)

[how does adobe use the information it collects about me, and what are the
legal bases for these uses?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-
use)

[does adobe share my personal
information?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-share)

[is my personal information displayed anywhere within adobe's apps or
websites?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#websites-applications)

[is my personal information
secure?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-secure)

[where does adobe store my personal
information?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-store)

[does adobe transfer my personal information across national
borders?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-transfer)

[what rights do i have in respect of my personal information and how can i
exercise these?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#rights)

[what rights do i have if i am a california
consumer?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#california-consumer)

[withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct
marketing](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#withdraw-consent)

[what information is collected by companies using adobe experience cloud
solutions?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#info-exp-cloud)

[how long does adobe retain my
information?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#retain)

[will this privacy policy
change?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#policy-change)

[who can i contact with questions or
concerns?](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html#questions-concerns)

* * *

### what does this privacy policy cover?

this privacy policy describes how adobe (also referred to as "we," "us" or
"our") will make use of your information in the context of:

  * adobe websites; web-based services such as behance; and web-based aspects of the creative cloud, document cloud and experience cloud (together referred to as "websites");
  * desktop apps and mobile apps (both referred to as "apps") that include a reference to this policy; and
  * adobe’s marketing, sales, and advertising practices.   

please note that websites and apps provided by some companies acquired by
adobe may operate under their own privacy policies until their privacy
practices are integrated with adobe's privacy practices. for a current list of
these companies, click [here](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies.html).

additional privacy-related information is provided for certain adobe apps and
websites.  

[adobe® digital editions](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/ade.html)

|

[adobe sign](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies-business/esign.html)

|

[adobe stock](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/adobe-stock.html)  
  
---|---|---  
  
[adobe fonts](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/typekit.html)

|

[flash® player](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/flash-player.html)

|

[behance™](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/behance.html)  
  
please also see the [adobe terms of
use](https://www.adobe.com/legal/terms.html) and any additional terms of use
or [product license agreements](https://www.adobe.com/legal/licenses-
terms.html) that may apply to the app or website you are using.

### what information does adobe collect about me?

**adobe id, registration, and customer support**

when you register to use an adobe app or website, create an adobe id, or
contact us for support or other offerings, adobe collects information that
identifies you. this includes:

  * name;
  * date of birth;
  * company name;
  * email address;
  * telephone number;
  * address;
  * country;
  * ip address;
  * mobile device id;
  * payment/billing information (where an app or website is 'paid for');
  * eligibility information (e.g., for [student and teacher editions](https://www.adobe.com/fragments/textandimage/education/edu-ste-eligibility-students.html) of apps);
  * types of apps and websites of interest; and
  * content of customer support communications.

to help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant
content and experiences, we may combine information provided by you with
information from third party sources, in accordance with applicable law. for
example, the size, industry, and other information about the company you work
for (where you have provided company name) will be obtained from sources
including, professional networking sites and information service providers. we
may also collect and receive information from third parties, including
partners, and from publicly accessible sources, for purposes that include to
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, as
well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of adobe and
our employees, our users, children, or the public.  

****adobe apps and websites****

we collect information about how you use our apps and websites, including when
you use a desktop app feature that takes you online (such as a photo syncing
feature). depending on the app or website, this information may be associated
with your device or browser or it may be associated with your adobe account.
it includes:

  * ip address;
  * type of browser and device;
  * webpage that led you to an adobe website;
  * search terms entered into a search engine which lead you to an adobe website;
  * use and navigation of websites and apps (collected through cookies and similar technologies, or by adobe servers when you are logged in to the app or website);
  * analysis of your content (e.g., documents, photos, videos, activity logs, and direct feedback from you) which is sent or received using an online feature of an adobe app or website, or which is stored on adobe servers.  

the following links provide further information on:

  * [adobe product improvement program](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/apip.html);
  * [desktop usage tracking faq](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/desktop-app-usage-info-faq.html);
  * [mobile app usage information faq](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/mobile_app_usage_faq.html);
  * [experience cloud usage information faq](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud-usage-info-faq.html);
  * your [privacy choices](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html) regarding how we use this information;
  * adobe products and services licensed by [educational institutions](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/student-policy.html);
  * how adobe uses [cookies and similar technologies](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/cookies.html); and
  * how adobe [analyzes your content](https://helpx.adobe.com/manage-account/amr/machine-learning-faq.html) using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our apps and websites, and how to [opt out](http://www.adobe.com/go/machine_learning_opt_out) of this.  

**adobe app activation and automatic updates**

when you activate your adobe app or when you install updates to the app, we
collect information about:

  * your device (manufacturer, model, ip address);
  * the adobe app (version, date of activation, successful and unsuccessful updates);
  * your product serial number (where this is required before you can start using your product).

  
you can learn more about app activation
[here](https://helpx.adobe.com/uk/x-productkb/policy-pricing/activate-
deactivate-products.html).

  
**adobe emails**

emails we send you may include a technology (called a [web
beacon](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/cookies.html#web-beacons)) that tells
adobe whether you have received or opened the email, or clicked a link in the
email. if you do not want us to collect this information, you can [opt out of
receiving adobe marketing emails](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-
out.html#communication).

  
**adobe online advertising**

adobe advertises online in a variety of ways, including displaying adobe ads
to you on other companies' websites and apps and on social media platforms,
such as facebook and linkedin. adobe websites use cookies and similar
technologies provided by our own company ([adobe experience
cloud](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud.html)) and other
companies that allow us to gather additional information to measure and
improve the effectiveness of our advertising. we collect information such as:

  * which ads are displayed;
  * which ads are clicked on; and 
  * where the ad was displayed. 

learn more about [adobe’s advertising
practices](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/marketing.html).  

****buttons, tools, and content from other companies****

adobe apps and websites may include buttons, tools, or content that link to
other companies’ services (for example, a facebook "like" button). we may
collect information about your use of these features, such as content “liked”
and address information in google maps. in addition, when you see or interact
with these buttons, tools, or content, or view an adobe web page or app
containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent
to the other company. please read that company’s privacy policy for more
information.

adobe websites may implement google recaptcha enterprise to help prevent spam
and abuse. recaptcha enterprise collects hardware and software information,
such as device and application data, and sends it to google for purposes of
providing, maintaining, and improving recaptcha enterprise and for general
security purposes. this information is not used by google for personalized
advertising. your use of recaptcha enterprise is subject to google’s [privacy
policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-us) and [terms of
use](https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en-us).

  
**adobe social networking pages and social sign-on services**

you can sign in to some adobe apps or websites using a social networking
account, such as a facebook account. where you give appropriate permissions,
we will receive information about you from your social networking account,
such as name, location, and basic demographic information.

adobe has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the
adobe® photoshop® team’s facebook page). we will collect information which you
have made publicly available on your social networking account, such as name
and interests in our products and services, when you interact with our social
networking pages. the social networking sites may provide statistics and
insights to adobe which help us understand the types of actions that people
take on our pages. where applicable, adobe and the social media site(s) have
entered into an arrangement which determines our respective responsibilities.

you can learn more about adobe’s practices with respect to social networking
pages and account sign-on services
[here](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/social-networking.html).

**adobe acting on your behalf**

in certain instances, adobe is acting only on your behalf for personal
information collected and processed by our services (for example, for the
address book contacts shared by users when entering recipient information). in
such cases, adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate
the service requested by you, and you will be responsible for the information
shared. in these instances, we will inform you through in-app notifications or
other in-time communications.

### how does adobe use the information it collects about me, and what are the
legal bases for these uses?

adobe uses the information we collect about you for the following purposes:

  * to fulfill a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: this is relevant where you register to use an adobe app or website (whether paid, or as a free trial). this includes:
    * providing you with the adobe websites and apps for which you have registered, and any other services or products that you have requested;
    * verifying your identity;
    * processing payments;
    * sending you necessary communications (for example, related to payments or expiration of your subscription); and
    * providing customer service or support.
  * as required by adobe to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular:
    * providing you with the adobe websites and apps for which you have registered and any other products and services you have requested;
    * analyzing your use and measuring effectiveness of our websites and apps to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users;
    * sending you information about adobe products and services, special offers and similar information, and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes (where your consent is not required);
    * analyzing your use of our websites and apps, your content, and your interaction with our communications, to tailor and customize the website or app, and marketing communications ([learn more](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/marketing.html#mktg-email)) (where your consent is not required);
    * analyzing your content through techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our services and the user experience (where your consent is not required);
    * diagnosing problems in our apps and websites;
    * detecting, preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, security or technical issues, as well as protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of adobe, our users, or the public;
    * conducting surveys and market research about our customers, their interests, the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and customer satisfaction (unless we need consent to undertake such surveys, in which case we will only do this with your permission);
    * investigating and responding to any comments or complaints that you may send us;
    * checking the validity of the sort code, account number and card number you submit if you use a credit or debit card for payment, in order to prevent payment fraud (we use third parties for this – see “does adobe share my personal information?” below); 
    * sharing account information registered under a business email address with employers for account migration purposes;
    * if we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an adobe website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to our advisers and any other prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner; and
    * in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of information in connection with government agency requests, legal process or litigation).

where we process your information based on legitimate interests, you can
object to this processing in certain circumstances. in such cases, we will
cease processing information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to
continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.

  * where required, when you give adobe your consent or otherwise consistent with your choices:
    * sending you information about adobe products and services, special offers and similar information, and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes;
    * placing cookies and using similar technologies on our websites, on our apps and in email communications, in accordance with our [cookies policy](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/cookies.html) and the information provided to you when those technologies are used;
    * accessing information stored on your device relating to your use of, and engagement with, websites and apps (e.g., adobe connect meetings) and crash reports;
    * accessing information stored on your device which you allow us to receive through device-based settings (e.g., photos, location and camera) in order to provide certain functionality within our apps and websites; and
    * analyzing your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our services and the user experience;

on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information
for the purposes which we explain at that time. where we rely on consent to
process information, you can withdraw your consent to such activities at any
time.

  * for legal reasons:
    * responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.  

    * to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, potential illegal activities, or technical issues and software piracy (e.g., to confirm that software is genuine and properly licensed), helping to protect you as well as adobe.

where this processing and these disclosures are not strictly required by law,
adobe may rely on its legitimate interests and those of third parties
described above.

  
currently in the united states and canada only, adobe also uses your
information for our participation in the adobe experience cloud device co-op,
which allows us to better understand how you use adobe apps and websites
across your various devices, and to deliver ads tailored to your likely
interests ([learn more or opt out](https://cross-device-
privacy.adobe.com/?d_mid=03994778774300393181366457995068383567&d_orgid=9e1005a551ed61ca0a490d45%40adobeorg)).  

### does adobe share my personal information?

**sharing with other data controllers**

we will share your personal information within the adobe family of companies
for the purposes identified above (see a list of [adobe
entities](https://www.adobe.com/about-adobe/contact/offices.html) and our
[acquired companies](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies.html)).

we will also share your personal information with other third-party data
controllers. the types of third parties your information may be shared with
include: our resellers and other sales and advertising partners, retailers,
research organizations, advertisers, ad agencies, advertising networks and
platforms, information service providers, fraud monitoring and prevention
providers, publishers, and non-profit organizations (with your consent, if
required). third-party data controllers may also use adobe products and
services to collect and process your personal information. if you are using an
email address that is associated with a business domain (e.g.,
yourname@businessname.com) to access adobe's apps and websites, or if you were
invited to use the apps and websites by a business, we may provide your
personal information to that business.

**sharing for fraud prevention, safety and security purposes**

we will share personal information with companies, organizations or
individuals outside of adobe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use,
preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, as
well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of adobe and
our employees, our users, children, or the public as required or permitted by
law.

****

**sharing with data processors**

we will also share your personal information with companies that help us run
our business by processing personal information on behalf of adobe for the
purposes identified above. such companies include providers of customer
support services, payment processing services, fraud monitoring and
prevention, email, social media, and other marketing platforms and service
providers, and hosting services. we require these companies to protect your
personal information consistent with this privacy policy.

  
**other information sharing**  
adobe may also share your personal information:

  * when you agree to the sharing;
  * when we have a good faith belief that we are required to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law or legal process ([learn more](https://www.adobe.com/legal/lawenforcementrequests.html)), or to respond to an emergency involving the danger of death or serious bodily harm;
  * if we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an adobe website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner.  

we may share or publish aggregate information that doesn’t specifically
identify you, such as statistical information about visitors to our websites
or statistical information about how customers [use the adobe experience
cloud](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud.html).  

### is my personal information displayed anywhere on adobe’s websites or
applications?

there are several places within adobe’s websites and apps that allow you to
post comments, upload pictures, or submit content for others to see. sometimes
you can limit who can see what you share, but there are some places where what
you share can be seen by the general public or other users of the app or
website. please be careful when you share your personal information. do not
share anything you wouldn’t want publicly known unless you are sure you are
posting it within an app or website that allows you to control who sees what
you post. please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on
our websites and app, your email address or name and/or profile photo may be
included and displayed with your message. you can find more information about
managing your public profile [here](https://helpx.adobe.com/manage-
account/using/edit-adobe-account-personal-profile.html/).  

to remove content you have shared on our websites and apps, please use the
same app or website feature you used to share the content. if another user
invites you to participate in shared viewing, editing, or commenting of
content, you may be able to delete your contributions, but usually the user
who invited you has full control. if you have questions or concerns about
this, please [contact us](https://www.adobe.com/go/privacyinquiry).  

### is my personal information secure?

we work hard to protect your personal information. we employ administrative,
technical, and physical security controls where appropriate, such as
encryption, 2-step verification, and strict contractual confidentiality
obligations for employees and contractors.  
  

### where does adobe store my personal information?

your personal information and files are stored on adobe’s servers and the
servers of companies we hire to provide services to us.

### does adobe transfer my personal information across national borders?  

the main locations where we process your personal information are the us and
india, but we also transfer personal information to all other countries in the
world where our apps, and other products or services are available. we carry
out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws – for example, by
putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal
information.

if you reside outside of north america, your relationship is with adobe
ireland. where adobe ireland transfers your personal information to a country
which is not within the eea and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the
eu commission, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms:
european commission approved standard contractual clauses, and/or your consent
in certain circumstances. a copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for
your review upon request, using the contact details provided at the end of
this privacy policy. for more information about how adobe ireland transfers
european personal information, please see [cross-border data
transfers](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/eudatatransfers.html).

the information above applies to adobe users who are consumers. more
information is available for our business customers that want to learn more
about [cross-border data
transfers](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/eudatatransfers.html).

### what rights do i have in respect of my personal information and how can i
exercise these rights?

under the law of some jurisdictions, you may have the right to ask us for a
copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any
active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal
information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a
structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this
information to another controller.

in addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in
some circumstances (such as where we are using the information for direct
marketing).

these rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would
reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete
information which we are required by law to keep or which we need to defend
claims against us. in addition, most web browsers have a “do not track”
feature that lets you tell websites you do not want to have your online
activities tracked. currently, there is not an accepted standard on how
companies should respond to web browsers’ “do not track” signals. accordingly,
our apps and websites do not currently recognize or respond to “do not track”
browser signals. however, you can learn more about adobe’s advertising
practices [](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/marketing.html)and your privacy
choices [here](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html).

to exercise any of these rights (including deactivating your adobe id
account), you can get in touch with us – or our data protection officer –
using the details set out below. additionally, many of our websites and apps
allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the "[my
account](https://accounts.adobe.com/)," "my profile," or a similar feature of
the app or website you are using. likewise, you can delete files or photos you
have stored in our websites and apps by logging in and using the deletion
functions that are available.

if you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to report them to your
local privacy regulator or data protection authority and, where applicable,
you also have the right to lodge a complaint with adobe ireland's lead
supervisory authority, the irish data protection commission.

to register with adobe, to create an adobe id, and to use some adobe websites,
apps, products or services, the provision of some information is mandatory: if
relevant information is not provided, then we will not be able to administer
an adobe account to you, or provide you with the websites, apps, products or
services requested. all other provision of your information is optional.
providing optional information will help us offer you a better experience,
such as more personalized or tailored content or offerings.

### what rights do i have if i am a california consumer?

in addition to the rights above, see [california consumer privacy
rights](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/ca-rights.html) for additional
information.

### withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing

the adobe family of companies (see list of [adobe
entities](https://www.adobe.com/about-adobe/contact/offices.html) and our
[acquired companies](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies.html)) and
companies we hire to help market our websites and apps on our behalf may use
your information to provide you with information and offers related to adobe.

where we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that
consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your
information for other purposes, such as those set out above. in some cases, we
are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on
our legitimate interests. you have an absolute right to opt-out of direct
marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time by:

  * updating your preferences in your adobe id profile;
  * updating your preferences in your specific website or app accounts;
  * clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails; or
  * contacting us using the details provided at the end of this privacy policy.

click [here](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html) for further
information on your choices regarding our marketing practices.

### what information is collected by companies using adobe experience cloud
solutions?

adobe experience cloud solutions help our business customers personalize and
improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages. for
example, these customers may use adobe experience cloud solutions to collect
and analyze information about how individuals use their websites ([learn
more](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud.html)). the information
collected is stored in our services on behalf of and for use by these business
customers.

### how long does adobe retain my information?

when you register for an account and create an adobe id, we process and keep
most personal information we have about you for as long as you are an active
user of our products, services or apps. when you close your account, we begin
deleting certain personal information that we no longer have a business reason
to retain, such as your hashed password and your tokenized payment account
data. however, we typically retain personal information related to our
contract and business transactions with you for ten years after your last
interaction with us.

where we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your
consent, we process the information until you ask us to stop and for a short
period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). we also keep a
permanent record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct
marketing or to process your information so that we can respect your request
in future.

### will this privacy policy change?

occasionally, we may update this privacy policy (or other documents in the
adobe privacy center) to allow adobe to accommodate new technologies, industry
practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. if we do, we will
change the "last updated" date at the top of this policy and the revised
policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. we
encourage you to periodically review the [adobe privacy
center](https://www.adobe.com/privacy.html) for the latest information on our
privacy practices. under certain circumstances (for example with certain
material changes) we will provide notice to you of these changes and, where
required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. notice may be by
email to you, by posting a notice of such changes on our apps and websites, or
by other means consistent with applicable law.

### who can i contact with questions or concerns?

if you have a privacy question, concern, or request, please fill out a
[privacy inquiry form](http://www.adobe.com/go/privacyinquiry).

if you are outside north america, you can also get in touch with adobe
ireland's data protection officer at [dpo@adobe.com](mailto:dpo@adobe.com) or
by postal mail at 4-6 riverwalk, citywest business park, dublin 24, ireland.

for practices that are covered by our
[gdp](/content/dam/acom/en/security/pdfs/gdpr_privacy_practices_validation_letter.pdf)[r
validation](/content/dam/acom/en/security/pdfs/gdpr_privacy_practices_validation_letter.pdf)
or [pr](http://privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=b3086843-045e-494d-a02e-115cead7bce7)[p
certification](http://privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=b3086843-045e-494d-a02e-115cead7bce7), please note that if
you have an **_unresolved_** privacy or data use concern that we have not
addressed satisfactorily within 30 days, you may also reach out to our
u.s.-based third party dispute resolution (free of charge) at
[http](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request "https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request")[s://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request](https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request "https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request").

[![truste](//privacy-policy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/seal?rid=b3086843-045e-494d-a02e-115cead7bce7)](//privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=b3086843-045e-494d-a02e-115cead7bce7)

###### language navigation

language navigation

__

## choose your region

selecting a region changes the language and/or content on adobe.com.

  * ### americas

  * [ brasil ](https://www.adobe.com/br/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ canada - english ](https://www.adobe.com/ca/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ canada - français ](https://www.adobe.com/ca_fr/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ latinoamérica ](https://www.adobe.com/la/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ méxico ](https://www.adobe.com/mx/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ united states ](https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html)
  * ### europe, middle east and africa

  * [ ](https://www.adobe.com/mena_fr/)
  * [ africa - english ](https://www.adobe.com/africa/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ belgique - français ](https://www.adobe.com/be_fr/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ belgium - english ](https://www.adobe.com/be_en/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ belgië - nederlands ](https://www.adobe.com/be_nl/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ cyprus - english ](https://www.adobe.com/cy_en/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ danmark ](https://www.adobe.com/dk/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ deutschland ](https://www.adobe.com/de/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ eesti ](https://www.adobe.com/ee/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ españa ](https://www.adobe.com/es/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ france ](https://www.adobe.com/fr/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ greece - english ](https://www.adobe.com/gr_en/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ ireland ](https://www.adobe.com/ie/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ israel - english ](https://www.adobe.com/il_en/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ italia ](https://www.adobe.com/it/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ latvija ](https://www.adobe.com/lv/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ lietuva ](https://www.adobe.com/lt/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ luxembourg - deutsch ](https://www.adobe.com/lu_de/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ luxembourg - english ](https://www.adobe.com/lu_en/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ luxembourg - français ](https://www.adobe.com/lu_fr/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ magyarország ](https://www.adobe.com/hu/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ malta - english ](https://www.adobe.com/mt/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ middle east and north africa - english ](https://www.adobe.com/mena_en/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ nederland ](https://www.adobe.com/nl/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ norge ](https://www.adobe.com/no/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ polska ](https://www.adobe.com/pl/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ portugal ](https://www.adobe.com/pt/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ românia ](https://www.adobe.com/ro/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ schweiz ](https://www.adobe.com/ch_de/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ slovenija ](https://www.adobe.com/si/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ slovensko ](https://www.adobe.com/sk/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ suisse ](https://www.adobe.com/ch_fr/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ suomi ](https://www.adobe.com/fi/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ sverige ](https://www.adobe.com/se/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ svizzera ](https://www.adobe.com/ch_it/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ türkiye ](https://www.adobe.com/tr/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ united kingdom ](https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ österreich ](https://www.adobe.com/at/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ česká republika ](https://www.adobe.com/cz/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ българия ](https://www.adobe.com/bg/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ россия ](https://www.adobe.com/ru/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ україна ](https://www.adobe.com/ua/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ ישראל - עברית ](https://www.adobe.com/il_he/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا - اللغة العربية ](https://www.adobe.com/mena_ar/privacy/policy.html)
  * ### asia pacific

  * [ australia ](https://www.adobe.com/au/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ hong kong s.a.r. of china ](https://www.adobe.com/hk_en/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ india ](https://www.adobe.com/in/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ new zealand ](https://www.adobe.com/nz/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ southeast asia (includes indonesia, malaysia, philippines, singapore, thailand, and vietnam) - english ](https://www.adobe.com/sea/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ 中国 ](https://www.adobe.com/cn/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ 中國香港特別行政區 ](https://www.adobe.com/hk_zh/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ 台灣地區 ](https://www.adobe.com/tw/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ 日本 ](https://www.adobe.com/jp/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ 한국 ](https://www.adobe.com/kr/privacy/policy.html)
  * [ ](https://www.adobe.com/hr/)
  * [ ](https://www.adobe.com/rs/)

![](https://www.adobe.com/akam/11/pixel_53edc1ce?a=dd1hnzcwywfmotrhyjq5owmymja0mdzkmtmwmzk2m2rkotu0ywyyytu5jmpzpw9mzg==)

