![](/sites/all/themes/meredith/images/loading-animation.gif)

[ ![meredith](https://www.meredith.com/sites/all/themes/meredith/logo.png) ](/
"home")

  * [about us](/)
    * [our mission](/about-us/our-mission)
    * [leadership](/about-us/leadership)
    * [social responsibility](/about-us/corporate-social-responsibility)
    * [careers](/careers)
    * [our headquarters](/about-us/our-headquarters)
    * [anti-fraud policy](/about-us/anti-fraud-policy)
    * [seeher](/about-us/see-her)
  * [national media](/)
    * [brands](/national-media/brands)
    * [digital](/national-media/digital)
    * [premium publishing](/national-media/premium-publishing)
    * [multicultural](/national-media/multicultural)
    * [brand licensing](/national-media/brand-licensing)
    * [international](/national-media/international)
    * [agrimedia](/brand/successfulfarming)
  * [local media](/)
    * [broadcast & digital](/local-media/broadcast-and-digital)
    * [mni targeted media](https://www.mni.com/)
  * [marketing capabilities](/)
    * [marketing capabilities overview](/marketing-capabilities)
    * [foundry](https://thefoundry.nyc/)
    * [foundry 360](https://thefoundry.nyc/360/)
    * [target marketing](/marketing-capabilities/target-marketing)
    * [digital](/marketing-capabilities/digital)
    * [video](/marketing-capabilities/video-production)
    * [lead generation](/marketing-capabilities/lead-generation)
    * [experiential](/marketing-capabilities/experiential)
    * [research](/marketing-capabilities/research)
    * [predictive intelligence](/marketing-capabilities/predictive-intelligence)
    * [sales guarantee](/marketing-capabilities/sales-guarantee)
    * [content licensing](/marketing-capabilities/content-licensing)
    * [creative services](/marketing-capabilities/creative-services)
    * [print production](/marketing-capabilities/print-production)
    * [mni targeted media](https://www.mni.com/)
  * [foundry](/thefoundry)
  * [news](http://meredith.mediaroom.com/news-home)
  * [investors](http://ir.meredith.com)

  * [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/meredithcorporation)
  * [twitter](https://twitter.com/meredithcorp)
  * [linkedin](http://www.linkedin.com/company/meredith)

# your privacy matters

effective february 1, 2021

national media group, a division of meredith corporation, creates brands
focused on providing you with destinations you can trust and rely on for every
stage of your life to connect you to great content, products, and services,
and, based on your engagement with us, customize your experience with us. our
mission is to be clear and transparent about how and why we collect and use
personal information and to empower you to control your personal information.
you are not our product, you are our customer.

**when does this statement apply?**

this privacy statement applies when you interact with our
[brands](https://www.meredith.com) (“brands”) through their websites, mobile
apps, e-mail communications, voice assistants, and other platforms (our
“services”). to read our eu privacy statement, click
[here](https://www.meredith.com/legal/eu-privacy).

**what does it say?**

read this privacy statement in full here. here are the highlights:

**what personal information do our brands collect?**

![document icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/1.png)

|

  * **contact information** (such as name, phone number, postal address, or e-mail address)
  * **account/registration information** (such as username and password, reminder questions and answers, and communications preferences, e.g. signing up for a newsletter or sweepstakes, registering for an offer or an experience, or making a purchase)
  * **payment information** (such as name, billing address, and credit card information, e.g. when making a purchase)
  * **demographic information** (such as age, gender, race, income, occupation, marital status, and information about your household/family status, including your household size and the length of time at your residence)
  * **online identifiers** (such as ip address, internal and third-party identifiers, advertising identifiers, and device information such as unique device id)
  * **location information** (information about your precise location that we collect from your device (collected in limited circumstances) or information about your general location derived from your ip address).
  * **internet activity information** (such as browsing history and information on how you interact with our services, e.g. which articles or ads you click on, whether you click on links in our e-mails, and your interactions with social media platform features)
  * **inferences about your interests, preferences, and other behavioral data** (such as hobbies and interests, e.g. your favorite foods, purchases, or recipes, and consuming tendencies)
  * **loyalty account informatio** n (such as account name and password, points, and reward selection)
  * **health/fitness information** (such as exercise and activity levels, weight-loss objectives, and dietary preferences, when you provide them to us)
  * **other personal information consumers voluntarily choose to provide** (such as your posts, photos and other submissions to blogs, video-sharing services, and other interactive forums)

more  
  
---|---  
  
**where/how do our brands collect personal information?**

![devices icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/2.png)

|

  * **from you**
    * when you enter personal information on the services
  * **from your device**
    * from cookies and other technologies (personal information stored on your browser, which tells us your browser, device information, ip address, and how you interact with the services)
  * **from others**
    * advertisers
    * data partners
    * service providers

more  
  
**how do our brands use personal information?**

### ![gear icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/3.png)

|

**our brands use personal information:**

  * to **customize the content and ads you see when you use our services, the websites of other companies, and in our e-mail communications**
  * to provide you with **ads, offers, and other promotions** from our brands and advertisers
  * to conduct **market research and analysis** to understand general trends (how many readers do we have? what content is popular? do people prefer video over articles?), our website visitors, how ads perform on our services (e.g. who clicked on the ad?), and how users engage on our services (e.g. who read that article?) 
  * to **fulfill your subscriptions** and other orders
  * to **protect you and us** from fraud and other security issues

more  
  
**who do our brands share personal information with?**

### ![sharing icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/4.png)

|

  * with meredith’s other **national media group brands**
  * with other businesses **owned b** y the meredith corporation, when we have the appropriate agreements in place
  * with our **service providers** who help operate our services and provide our services to you
  * with the **advertisers** who advertise on our services or partner with us to send you offers, promotions, or ads about products and services that may interest you
  * with **third-party data partners** that give us additional personal information about you that helps us identify you, deliver relevant and compelling content and services, and improve the performance of our services
  * when **required by law**
  * with a **buyer of all or part of our business**
  * with other third parties, **when we have your consent**

more  
  
**how can you control our use of your personal information?**

### ![lock icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/5.png)

|

you can tell us how we can use your personal information by clicking on the
links below:

  * marketing communications 
    * to opt out of postal mail from us, please use the opt-out form available [here](https://www.meredith.com/offlineprivacy.html).
    * you can opt out of any meredith e-mail newsletter or other e-mail list by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or by visiting the [e-mail preference center](https://secure.bhg.com/common/profile/member/optout/) (offered by some of our brands).
  * to request deletion of or access to your personal information, click [here](https://privacyportalde-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/2159c482-749a-49db-916b-475017a9efa5/ac1b3f16-60f7-4795-aca2-2240267ed067.html)
  * interest-based advertising 
    * [daa](https://optout.aboutads.info)
    * [nai](https://optout.networkadvertising.org)
    * [nielsen opt-out](https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/)

more  
  
**children’s privacy**

### ![child icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/6.png)

|

we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of
16.

more  
  
**rights for our california residents**

### ![california icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/7.png)

|

you have all the rights listed above. in addition, if you’re a resident of
california, you have the right to:

  * **request that we not sell your personal information**
    * if you would like to exercise this right, click [here](https://privacyportalde-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/2159c482-749a-49db-916b-475017a9efa5/424d0d20-a84d-41ed-9a27-379d31f2551d.html).
    * to opt out of the sale of your personal information via cookies please visit the “california do not sell” footer link on the websites of the brands you visit. note that you will need to renew this choice on every website you visit and each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device.
  * **make a “shine the light” inquiry, and we will disclose to you whether we share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes**
    * if you would like to exercise this right, e-mail us at [privacy@meredith.com](mailto:privacy@meredith.com).

more  
  
**how can you learn more?**

### ![light bulb icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/8.png)

|

click here to read our full privacy statement.

still can’t find what you’re looking for about our data privacy practices?
don’t worry, just reach out to us at
[privacy@meredith.com](mailto:privacy@meredith.com) and we will get back to
you!

more  
  
![document icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/1.png)

## what personal information do our brands collect?

when you visit our services, our brands may collect the following personal
information from or about you:

  * **online identifiers** : ip address, advertising id, unique device id, and other information about your device, and internal and third-party ids that have been assigned to you.
  * **location information** : information about your precise location that we collect from your device (collected in limited circumstances) or information about your general location derived from your ip address.
  * **internet activity information** : information about your use of our services, your interactions with the e-mails we send to you, and your activities on other websites you visit, including the web pages, content, and advertisements you view and links you click on, and whether you open, forward, or click the links in e-mails we send to you; your browsing history; and social media you use, including the “shares” and “likes” you make on a social media platform that is connected to the services.
  * **inferences about your interests, preferences, and other behavioral data** : hobbies and interests (like your favorite foods, which videos you like, your purchases, favorite recipes, or consumption tendencies).
  * **demographic information** : age, gender, race, education level, income information, occupation, marital status, and information about your household/family status such as the presence of children/child age ranges, household size, own/rent indicator, and the length of time at your residence.

some of our brands may offer you the opportunity to register for a print
subscription, sign up for a newsletter, register on our services, ask us for
additional information, or purchase products from us. when you do that, those
brands may also collect:

  * **contact information** : your name, phone number, postal address, or e-mail address.
  * **account/registration information** : username and password, reminder questions and answers, subscription and account numbers, and communication preferences such as which newsletters you would like to receive (when you provide that information to us).
  * **payment information** : billing address, shipping address, credit card or bank account number, expiration date, and card verification number (when you provide that information to us).
  * **loyalty account information** : account name and password, points, and reward selection.
  * **health/fitness information** : information about your health and fitness, including body type, general health, physical injuries, exercise and activity levels, weight loss objectives, and dietary preferences (when you provide that information to us).
  * **other personal information that consumers voluntarily choose to provide** : any content you submit or make available when you use the interactive features on our services (like photos and comments), as well as the personal information about others that you may share in order to send others (friends, relatives, colleagues, etc.) information that may interest them.

when you interact with our brands through voice assistants such as by using a
“skill” on an amazon alexa or by using an “action” on a google home device, we
do not collect your voice or audio information, but we will know what you are
“searching” for. you may have the option to provide personal information such
as your e-mail address or phone number to receive additional information from
us.

![devices icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/2.png)

## where/how do our brands collect personal information?

we collect personal information about you from a number of sources:

**from you**. some of our brands collect your contact, registration/account
information, payment information, and any other personal information when you
provide it to us on the services. when you make a purchase on the services, we
also retain a record of your purchases and order history.

**from your device.**

_**what are cookies and other technologies?**_

  * **cookies** : a “cookie” is a tiny file that’s stored on your computer. it contains a unique identifier, as well as the address and other information about the website you are visiting. cookies help us know whether you are a returning visitor to our services. for example, although you may not log in when you visit our services, we can use cookies to recognize that you have visited that website in the past. by using cookies, we are able to understand what is of interest to our customers and ensure the content and services we offer are relevant and compelling when you visit our services. in some cases, we may use the personal information we collect from cookies to deliver relevant and compelling content to you when you visit the services.
  * **web beacons, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies.** web beacons, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an e-mail or advertisement. these technologies allow your browser to recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set, the time and date that you viewed the page with the beacon, and a description of that page.

_**can you opt out?**_

in most cases, yes! there are some cookies that we need in order to operate
the services. if you delete those cookies, the services would no longer
function (as an example, if we can’t remember the items you put in a shopping
cart, then you won’t be able to place an order on the services). you can
always decide to opt out of or delete the third-party cookies (cookies set by
advertisers and data partners) on our services. keep in mind, if you block
cookies, you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our
services. visit our section on your privacy choices for more information on
how to opt out.

**from others.**

  * **advertisers.** in some cases, the advertisers that serve ads on our services will share your e-mail or online identifiers with us so that we can make sure their advertisements or offers reach you.
  * **data partners**. we work with third-party data partners who share personal information with us, including your demographic information, internet activity information, purchasing information, and interests, preferences, and other behavioral data, which help us understand you better and ensure the content and services we offer are relevant and compelling. 
  * **service providers**. we work with service providers that collect personal information on our behalf in order to provide services to us, such as hosting our websites, processing our credit card transactions, fulfilling your subscriptions and orders, verifying your identity, and other activities needed to help us provide our content and services to you. we only allow our service providers to use your personal information in connection with the services they provide us. 

![gear icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/3.png)

## how do our brands use personal information?

we and other meredith companies and the service providers working on our
behalf use personal information collected about you to:

**contact you.**

  * to send you e-mail and postal mail, including our brand newsletters, surveys, and other communications.

**fulfill your subscriptions, orders, and other requests.**

  * fulfill your orders and requests for products, services, and information (including to send you newsletters via e-mail or postal mail).
  * some of our brands offer products and services you can purchase individually or on a subscription basis. we use the personal information you provide at checkout to process your orders on those sites.
  * to help you redeem points earned from loyalty programs.

**create and manage your account.**

  * create and manage your account, including providing you with access to your account.

**marketing meredith to you.**

  * we may use your personal information to market the brands to you, as well as the products and services of the other businesses owned by the meredith corporation, when we have the appropriate agreements in place.

**personalize your experience on our services, including the content and ads
displayed to you.**

  * customize the content and ads you see when you use our services, visit the websites of other companies, and receive our e-mail communications.
  * remember your browser settings and any preferences you set while using the services.
  * recognize you across our services so that we may deliver relevant interest-based content and advertising to you.

**provide and improve the services.**

  * analyze, operate, and improve our services (including repairing errors or debugging) or develop new ones.
  * allow you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards.
  * measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns and improve the quality and effectiveness of our services, features, and related communications.

**advertising, marketing, and other research for our advertisers.**

  * provide you with special offers, promotions, and information from other businesses owned by the meredith corporation and select third parties (as permitted by law).
  * understand trends in how the visitors to our services interact with the ads, content, and features on our services (e.g. your behavior on our services may be included in a general report about whether people prefer video content over written content on our services).
  * help our advertisers reach you by e-mail.
  * conduct market or audience analysis and related reporting (e.g. to give reports on who our visitors are and whether the ads displayed are effective).

**security and fraud prevention.**

  * enforce our legal rights or comply with the law.
  * prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law, and enforce our terms of service on the applicable website.

we may use your personal information for any other purposes disclosed to you
at the time we collect your personal information, provided we have obtained
the required consent.

![sharing icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/4.png)

## who do our brands share personal information with?

we may share your personal information with our other meredith companies,
service providers, social media platforms, advertisers, and third-party data
partners.

  * **national media group brands**. we share your information with other national media group brands. the brands covered by this privacy statement share your personal information with each other and will use that information as described in this privacy statement.
  * **meredith companies**. our brands also share your personal information with other businesses owned by the [meredith](https://www.meredith.com) corporation, which have their own privacy statements and are not subject to this privacy statement.
  * **service providers**. we engage service providers to provide services such as credit-card and billing processing, shipping, marketing, advertising optimization and interest-based targeting, e-mail and text message distribution, data processing, mobile and website analytics, user authentication, security, and promotions management. we may share any personal information we collect about you with these service providers and authorize them to collect personal information from you directly to support the services they provide to us. we do not authorize our service providers to share or use your personal information with any other third parties.
  * **social media platforms**. to make your experience with our services more enjoyable, we may offer features made available by social media platforms (such as likes or social sharing). some social media platforms may collect personal information directly from you pursuant to their own separate privacy policies, which may differ from ours. some social media platforms also act as our data partners, which means that we may share your personal information with them as described below under “data partners.”
  * **advertisers**. we are able to provide most of our services and other content to you for free with the help of the advertisers who promote their products and services on our services. brands with ad-supported services share aggregate visitor information with advertisers, including information about your demographics, internet activity information, interests, and preferences. in some cases, we share contact information (such as your name, age, and/or e-mail address) or online identifiers with these advertisers. if you sign up for a special e-mail offer from one of our advertisers, our brands will also share your e-mail address and any other personal information you provided with your request with the advertisers you selected.
  * **data partners**. some of our brands provide select third-party data partners with lists of our user e-mail addresses in a hashed, encrypted, or anonymized form that they use to recognize you. these data partners will provide us with additional personal information about you (such as your interests, preferences, or demographic information). other data partners use cookies and other tracking technologies to enable the delivery of interest-based advertising to users. we do not authorize our data partners to share your e-mail address with their other clients.
  * **legal compliance, business transfers, and other disclosures**. we disclose personal information about users of our services when we believe the law requires it. for example, to respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests, to enforce our terms of service for relevant brands, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of users, the public, meredith companies, service providers, social media platforms, advertisers, data partners, or third parties. over time, we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business. we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any personal information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, sale, lease, merger, foreclosure, liquidation, amalgamation, or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance, or financing of all or any portion of meredith companies.

![lock icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/5.png)

## how can you control our use of your personal information?

**what rights do you have?**

  * **right to know** : you have the right to ask us to tell you what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you.
  * **right to request deletion** : you have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we collect or maintain about you.
  * **right to be free from discriminatio** n: you have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
  * **right to access or correct your personal information** : you have the right to request access to and to edit certain personal information that you have provided to us through our services.

if you are in the u.s. and wish to exercise your rights:

  * **information and deletion requests**. to exercise your right to information on our data-collection practices on the services or request deletion of the personal information on the services, please use the request form available [here](https://privacyportalde-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/2159c482-749a-49db-916b-475017a9efa5/ac1b3f16-60f7-4795-aca2-2240267ed067.html). we will need to verify that you are who you say you are before we delete or share personal information with you. you may need to provide us with a copy of your utility bill so that we can verify your identity. after you submit your request, you will be sent a confirmation e-mail and will need to click on the link provided. if you are a postal subscriber, you will need to confirm your subscription information in order to verify your request.
  * **authorized agents**. you can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. if you use an authorized agent, please include written permission that you have designated that agent to make the request, or proof of the agent‘s power of attorney. we may follow up with you to verify your identity before processing your authorized agent’s request.

**what other choices do you have?**

**marketing communications.**

  * **postal mail**. to remove your name and postal address from lists that we sell or rent to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, or to opt out of receiving marketing offers for other meredith magazines and products by mail, please use the opt-out form available [here](https://www.meredith.com/offlineprivacy.html) or send your request to us in a letter addressed to meredith corporation, opt-out postal, attn: circulation, 1716 locust street, des moines, iowa 50309. note that if you choose to opt out of meredith’s promotional mailings, you may still receive renewal notices and related offers for any magazines to which you subscribe.
  * **e-mail**. you can opt out from any meredith e-mail newsletter or other e-mail list by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each message or by visiting [e-mail preferences](https://secure.bhg.com/common/profile/member/optout/) (offered by some of our brands) on our services and updating your preferences. if you no longer want to receive third-party e-mail offers that you requested through our services, simply follow the advertiser’s unsubscribe link or opt-out instructions that should be included in every commercial message you receive.

**opt out of cookies and other technologies.**

there are a few ways to opt out of or delete cookies:

  * **on your browser (chrome, safari, etc.)**. the settings of the browser you use give you an option to accept or reject most cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set. (each browser is different, so check the “help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences). please be aware that certain browsers cannot block or delete so-called flash cookies, which use a feature of the adobe flash video player to store information on your computer. for information about how to delete flash cookies, please visit the [adobe website](https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html). this will opt you out of cookies on the browser you are using. if you use multiple browsers, you will need to take this step for all relevant browsers. please note that denying all or certain cookies may result in a less personalized experience with some of the services offered on the website.
  * **opt out on a mobile device**. depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to reset your mobile device’s advertising identifier to limit this data collection, or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising purposes, by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. each operating system, ios for apple devices, android for android devices, and windows for microsoft devices, provides its own instructions. visit the privacy settings for your mobile device or contact your platform operator for more information.
  * **opt out of nielsen’s tracking technologies**. some of our advertisers and brands may use nielsen’s measurement services, which contribute to market research, like nielsen’s tv and online campaign ratings service. nielsen’s pixel may be in some of the ads on our services and will record whether or not you viewed the ad. nielsen uses the data it collects to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers. for more information about nielsen’s information collection practices and any related opt-out choices, please see the [nielsen.com privacy policy](https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement).

**opt out of interest-based advertising.**

we follow the digital advertising alliance’s (“ **daa** ”) self-regulatory
principles (“principles”) for online behavioral advertising.

  * to opt out of our use of your website viewing data to serve interest-based advertising on the websites of other companies and e-mail newsletters, visit the [daa’s consumer choice page](http://optout.aboutads.info).
  * you can also click on the ad choices located in the footers of our webpages and navigate to the consumer opt-out form.
  * most of the third-party advertising and data companies we work with, including doubleclick and google, also subscribe to the daa principles and/or are members of the network advertising initiative (“nai”). to learn more about the information-collection practices of [nai members](https://optout.networkadvertising.org) and your related opt-out choices, please visit the nai’s website.
  * you must opt out separately from each computer or device and browser that you use to access our services, and if you clear your cookies, you will need to repeat the opt-out process.

**note that many of our websites allow you to adjust your cookie preferences
by clicking on the “ad choices” link in the footers of our webpages.

**mobile app advertising and tracking.**

some of our brands may collect personal information from your mobile device,
including unique advertising identifiers and the names and ids of apps you
have installed, as well as information about how you use our mobile
applications and other unaffiliated applications. we and our partners use this
personal information to enable interest-based advertising you receive through
our services and within third-party apps and other marketing channels.

for information about the mobile data-collection practices of the service
providers we use to support interest-based advertising in our allrecipes
mobile applications, and your additional opt-out choices, click
[here](https://www.pushspring.com/optout.html) and
[here](https://www.footmarks.com/privacy-policy/).

**do not track**

we do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals. instead, we
adhere to the standards set out in this privacy statement and offer the opt-
out choices described above.

![child icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/6.png)

## children’s privacy

national media group brands do not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 16
to provide us with any personal information online. children should always get
permission from their parents before sharing any personal information about
themselves over the internet. if you’re under 16, please do not register for
the services or provide us with any personal information.

### additional privacy information

  * **contests and other co-sponsored promotions**. from time to time, we may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions. participation in these promotions may require registration on our services. we may share your registration information with co-sponsors or other third parties involved in the promotion that we identify in the rules or entry materials. we don't control these third parties’ privacy practices, and our privacy statement does not apply to their collection and use of your personal information. we may also share some of your entry information with third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion, such as winner selection and prize fulfillment, and as permitted by the promotion’s official rules, such as on list of winners.
  * **security, retention, and storage of personal information**. we use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personal information that we collect. however, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that personal information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet. please see our terms of service for the relevant brand for more information related to posting materials on our services, including our use of such materials.
  * **location of your data**. meredith is a u.s. company and your personal information will be transferred to, processed, stored, and accessed by us, the meredith companies, and service providers in the united states and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate, which may not provide you with the same level of privacy protection as you are entitled to in your jurisdiction. when you visit our services or use our brands, you consent to the processing of your personal information in the united states and other jurisdictions as described here.
  * **eu-u.s. privacy shield**. meredith adheres to the principles of the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework (“privacy shield principles”) as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the european union (“eu”) to the united states; however, we do not rely on the privacy shield principles when we transfer or receive personal information transferred from the eu. if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield principles will govern. to learn more about the privacy shield program, please visit the [privacy shield website](https://www.privacyshield.gov).

meredith is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives
under the privacy shield principles or subsequently transfers to a third party
acting as an agent on its behalf. meredith complies with the privacy shield
principles for all onward transfers from the eu and european economic area
(“eea”), including onward transfer liability provisions.

the u.s. federal trade commission has jurisdiction over meredith’s compliance
with its obligations under the privacy shield principles. in certain
situations, meredith may be required to disclose personal information in
response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national
security or law enforcement requirements.

in compliance with the privacy shield principles, meredith commits to resolve
complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. eu
individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our privacy shield policy
should first contact us at
[privacy@meredith.com](mailto:privacy@meredith.com).

meredith has further committed to refer unresolved privacy shield complaints
to jams, an established alternative dispute-resolution provider located in the
united states. if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint
from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint, please contact or visit
[jams](https://www.jamsadr.com) or call 800-352-5267 to file a complaint. if
the arbitrator finds that you cannot afford to pay jams’s filing,
administrative, hearing, and/or other fees and you cannot obtain a waiver from
jams, meredith will pay them for you.

  * **changes to our privacy statement**. digital technology is rapidly evolving. if we decide to change our privacy statement in the future, we’ll post the changes here and indicate at the top of the page the last date on which it was updated. unless otherwise noted, all changes will be effective when posted.

![california icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/7.png)

## rights for our california residents

this section contains information on the personal information we collect about
residents of california (our “california consumers”), including the sources of
that personal information, how that personal information is used, with whom it
is shared, and the rights that california consumers have under california law.
our collection of your personal information, our data-sharing practices, and
your privacy rights are discussed below.

### i. our collection of personal information

**what personal information do our brands collect?**

  * **online identifiers** (ip addresses, device ids, and other internal and third-party identifiers we use to recognize you online).
  * **contact information** (name, e-mail, postal address, zip code, and telephone number).
  * **location information** (information about your precise location that we collect from your device (collected in limited circumstances) or information about your general location derived from your ip address).
  * **internet activity information** (your use of our services, your interactions with the e-mails we send to you, and your activities on other websites you visit, including the web pages, content, and advertisements you view and links you click on, and whether you open, forward, or click the links in e-mails we send to you; your browsing history; and social media you use, including the “shares” and “likes” you make on a social media platform that is connected to the services).
  * **interests, preferences, and other behavioral data** (including purchase behaviors).
  * **demographic information** (age, gender, race, education level, income information, occupation, marital status, and information about your household/family status such as the presence of children/child age ranges, household size, own/rent indicator, and the length of time at your residence).
  * **account/registration information** (username and password, reminder questions and answers, subscription and account numbers, and communication preferences such as which newsletters you would like to receive (when you provide that information to us).
  * **payment information** (billing address, shipping address, credit card or bank account number, expiration date, and card verification number, when you provide it to us).
  * **loyalty account information** (account name and password, points, and reward selection).
  * **health/fitness information** (body type, general health, physical injuries, exercise and activity levels, weight-loss objectives, and dietary preferences, when you provide that information to us).
  * **other personal information that consumers voluntarily choose to provide** (photos, comments, or personal information about others that you post or submit on our services).

**what are our sources of personal information?**

  * **you** (when you register on our services, subscribe to one of our publications, or otherwise submit personal information to us).
  * **our advertisers who place ads on services**. 
  * **our data partners** (these are companies that give us personal information about you to help us and our advertisers understand who you are and what you may be interested in).
  * **pixels, cookies, and other tracking technologies** (which collect personal information about you when you visit our services online).

**how do our brands use personal information?**

_to provide the services to you:_

  * **to contact you** (to deliver our newsletters, surveys, and other communications to you).
  * **to fulfill your subscriptions** , orders, and other requests.
  * **to create and manage your account** when you register on our services, and provide you with your membership benefits. 

_for advertising and marketing:_

  * **to market our services to you**. 
  * **to combine with other personal information we receive from our data partners to help us learn more about you, your interests, and your preferences** so that we can customize your experience on our services (including the content and advertisements displayed to you).
  * **to create consumer segments** (groups of cookies and other ids based on personal information we collect about, for example, “women age 35-44 who have purchased mascara,” which we share with advertisers looking to sell mascara or products we think people who like mascara may also be interested in).
  * **to serve targeted ads to you on the services or other websites sites** (to help us, our advertisers, and our advertising networks and platforms identify the best ads to display to you on our services, based on the interests, preferences, and other behavioral data associated with your online identifiers). 
  * **to help us identify you and understand your interests** and preferences so that we can customize your experience on our services (including the content and advertisements displayed to you).
  * **to help our advertisers** contact you, directly or online.

_for auditing our interactions:_

  * **to help us measure the effectiveness of the ads** on our services, including to understand whether you click on the ads on our services and whether you buy the products/services advertised.

_for our and your security:_

  * **to prevent fraud** , including by verifying your identity.
  * **to detect security incident** s.

### ii. our data-sharing practices

we share the personal information below with our service providers. our
service providers help us send our newsletters to you, fulfill your orders,
and provide advertising and marketing services, and for analytics, and carry
out other activities that support our business. our service providers only use
the personal information we share with them to provide these services to us.

below are the categories of personal information we disclose to our service
providers:

  * **contact information**
  * **demographic information**
  * **online identifiers**
  * **internet activity information**
  * **payment information**
  * **interests, preferences, and other behavioral data**
  * **loyalty account information**
  * **health/fitness information**
  * **other personal information that consumers voluntarily choose to provide**

**personal information we sell to third parties**

in limited circumstances, some of our brands share your personal information
with data partners and advertisers whom we allow to use that personal
information for their own commercial purposes. these disclosures are
considered a sale under california law.

below are the categories of personal information that some of our brands sell
to third parties:

  * **contact information**
  * **online identifiers**
  * **internet activity information**
  * **interests, preferences, and other behavioral data**

### iii. your privacy rights

**what rights do you have?**

  * **shine the light rights** – you have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. at our option, we may respond to such requests by providing instructions about how our users can exercise their options to prevent our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
  * **right to opt out of a sale of personal information** – you have the right to ask us not to sell your information to third parties.

### iv. how do you submit these requests to us?

in addition to the rights detailed in the “how can you control our use of
personal information?” section above, california residents can:

  * contact us to exercise your shine the light rights at [privacy@meredith.com](mailto:privacy@meredith.com).
  * **opt out of sales**. to opt out of the sale of your identifying personal information by brands covered by this privacy statement, click [here](https://privacyportalde-cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/2159c482-749a-49db-916b-475017a9efa5/424d0d20-a84d-41ed-9a27-379d31f2551d.html). to opt out of the sale of your personal information via cookies, please visit the “california do not sell” footer link on the websites of the brands you visit. note that you will need to renew this choice on every website you visit and each time you clear your cookies or use a new browser or device.

![light bulb icon](http://images.meredith.com/privacy/8.png)

## how can you learn more?

**how to contact us**

if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or its
implementation, please contact us via e-mail by clicking here or by writing
to:

**meredith corporation**  
1716 locust street  
des moines, iowa 50309  
[privacy@meredith.com](mailto:privacy@meredith.com)  
515-284-3000

attn: legal department, privacy office

(c) 2021 meredith corp. all rights reserved.

  * [careers](/careers)
  * [contact us](/contact-us)
  * [brand media kits](/brand-media-kits)
  * [ad specs](/ad-specs)
  * [privacy policy](/privacy)
  * [sitemap](/sitemap)

  * subscribe to a magazine
    * [ageless iron](https://www.magazine.store/ageless-iron-almanac/?utm_source=meredith.com&utm_medium=internal&utm_campaign=magmodule)
    * [allrecipes](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [american patchwork & quilting](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [better homes & gardens](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [coastal living](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [cooking light](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [country home](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [do it yourself](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [eatingwell](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [entertainment weekly](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [fine cooking](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [food & wine](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [health](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [instyle](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [life](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [magnolia journal](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [martha stewart living](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [midwest living](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [parents](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [people](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [people en español](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [people royals](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [rachael ray in season](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [real simple](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [reveal](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [shape](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [southern living](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [successful farming](https://www.magazine.store/successful-farming/?utm_source=meredith.com&utm_medium=internal&utm_campaign=magmodule)
    * [traditional home](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [travel + leisure](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
    * [wood](https://www.magazine.store/meredith-magazine-subscriptions/)
  * other meredith sites
    * [content licensing](http://www.meredithcontentlicensing.com/#about-marquee-1)
    * [custom solutions](http://www.meredithcustomsolutions.com​)
    * [direct media](http://meredithdirectmedia.com/)
    * [foundry](https://thefoundry.nyc/)
    * [foundry 360](https://thefoundry.nyc/360/)
    * [shape + health half](https://shapehealthhalf.com/)
    * [travel marketing](http://www.meredithtm.com/)

