  * global nav open menu global nav close menu
  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

[ search apple.com cancel ](/us/search)

  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ mac ](/mac/)
  * [ ipad ](/ipad/)
  * [ iphone ](/iphone/)
  * [ watch ](/watch/)
  * [ tv ](/tv/)
  * [ music ](/music/)
  * [ support ](https://support.apple.com)
  * [](/us/search)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

cancel

[legal](/legal/)

open menu close menu

  * [hardware](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software](/legal/sla/)
  * [sales & support](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [internet services](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [intellectual property](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [more resources](/legal/more-resources/)

    

# welcome to icloud

    

    

this legal agreement between you and apple governs your use of the icloud
product, software, services, and websites (collectively referred to as the
“service”). it is important that you read and understand the following terms.
by clicking “agree,” you are agreeing that these terms will apply if you
choose to access or use the service.

apple is the provider of the service, which permits you to utilize certain
internet services, including storing your personal content (such as contacts,
calendars, photos, notes, reminders, documents, app data, and icloud email)
and making it accessible on your compatible devices and computers, and certain
location based services, only under the terms and conditions set forth in this
agreement. icloud is automatically enabled when you are running devices on ios
9 or later and sign in with your apple id during device setup, unless you are
upgrading the device and have previously chosen not to enable icloud. you can
disable icloud in settings. when icloud is enabled, your content will be
automatically sent to and stored by apple, so you can later access that
content or have content wirelessly pushed to your other icloud-enabled devices
or computers.

**i. requirements for use of the service**

 **a. age.** the service is only available to individuals aged 13 years or
older (or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction), unless you are
under 13 years old and your apple id was provided to you as a result of a
request by an approved educational institution or established as part of the
family sharing feature by your parent or guardian. we do not knowingly
collect, use or disclose personal information from children under 13, or
equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, without verifiable
parental consent. parents and guardians should also remind any minors that
conversing with strangers on the internet can be dangerous and take
appropriate precautions to protect children, including monitoring their use of
the service.

to use the service, you cannot be a person barred from receiving the service
under the laws of the united states or other applicable jurisdictions,
including the country in which you reside or from where you use the service.
by accepting this agreement, you represent that you understand and agree to
the foregoing.

 **b. devices and accounts.** use of the service may require compatible
devices, internet access, and certain software (fees may apply); may require
periodic updates; and may be affected by the performance of these factors.
apple reserves the right to limit the number of accounts that may be created
from a device and the number of devices associated with an account. the latest
version of required software may be required for certain transactions or
features. you agree that meeting these requirements is your responsibility.

**c. limitations on use.** you agree to use the service only for purposes
permitted by this agreement, and only to the extent permitted by any
applicable law, regulation, or generally accepted practice in the applicable
jurisdiction. your account is allocated 5gb of storage capacity as described
in the icloud feature pages. additional storage is available for purchase, as
described below. exceeding any applicable or reasonable limitation of
bandwidth, or storage capacity (for example, backup or email account space) is
prohibited and may prevent you from backing up to icloud, adding documents, or
receiving new email sent to your icloud email address. if your use of the
service or other behavior intentionally or unintentionally threatens apple’s
ability to provide the service or other systems, apple shall be entitled to
take all reasonable steps to protect the service and apple’s systems, which
may include suspension of your access to the service. repeated violations of
the limitations may result in termination of your account.

if you are a covered entity, business associate or representative of a covered
entity or business associate (as those terms are defined at 45 c.f.r §
160.103), you agree that you will not use any component, function or other
facility of icloud to create, receive, maintain or transmit any “protected
health information” (as such term is defined at 45 c.f.r § 160.103) or use
icloud in any manner that would make apple (or any apple subsidiary) your or
any third party’s business associate.

 **d. availability of the service.** the service, or any feature or part
thereof, may not be available in all languages or in all countries and apple
makes no representation that the service, or any feature or part thereof, is
appropriate or available for use in any particular location. to the extent you
choose to access and use the service, you do so at your own initiative and are
responsible for compliance with any applicable laws.

 **e. changing the service.** apple reserves the right at any time to modify
this agreement and to impose new or additional terms or conditions on your use
of the service, provided that apple will give you 30 days’ advance notice of
any material adverse change to the service or applicable terms of service,
unless it would not be reasonable to do so due to circumstances arising from
legal, regulatory, or governmental action; to address user security, user
privacy, or technical integrity concerns; to avoid service disruptions to
other users; or due to a natural disaster, catastrophic event, war, or other
similar occurrence outside of apple’s reasonable control. with respect to paid
cloud storage services, apple will not make any material adverse change to the
service before the end of your current paid term, unless a change is
reasonably necessary to address legal, regulatory, or governmental action; to
address user security, user privacy, or technical integrity concerns; to avoid
service disruptions to other users; or to avoid issues resulting from a
natural disaster, a catastrophic event, war, or other similar occurrence
outside of apple’s reasonable control. in the event that apple does make
material adverse changes to the service or terms of use, you will have the
right to terminate this agreement and your account, in which case apple will
provide you with a pro rata refund of any pre-payment for your then-current
paid term. apple shall not be liable to you for any modifications to the
service or terms of service made in accordance with this section ie.

 **ii. features and services**

 **a. use of location-based services**

apple and its partners and licensors may provide certain features or services
that rely upon device-based location information using gps (or similar
technology, where available) and crowdsourced wi-fi access points and cell
tower locations. to provide such features or services, where available, apple
and its partners and licensors must collect, use, transmit, process and
maintain your location data, including but not limited to the geographic
location of your device and information related to your icloud account
(“account”) and any devices registered thereunder, including but not limited
to your apple id, device id and name, and device type.

you may withdraw consent to apple and its partners’ and licensors’ collection,
use, transmission, processing and maintenance of location and account data at
any time by not using the location-based features and turning off find my
(including the predecessor apps find my iphone and find my friends,
collectively referred to as “find my”), or location services in settings (as
applicable) on your device. when using third party services that use or
provide location data as part of the service, you are subject to and should
review such third party’s terms and privacy policy on use of location data by
such third party services. any location data provided by the service is not
intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is
needed or where erroneous, inaccurate, time-delayed or incomplete location
data may lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage.
apple shall use reasonable skill and due care in providing the service, but
neither apple nor any of its service and/or content providers guarantees the
availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location
data or any other data displayed by the service. _location-based services are
not intended or suitable for use as an emergency locator system._

 **b. find my**

when you enable icloud and location services on a device running ios 13, ipad
os or macos catalina or later, find my (find my iphone for devices running ios
8 through ios 12) will be enabled automatically on that device and any apple
accessories paired with it. once enabled, your device will be automatically
linked to your apple id and your apple id password will be required before
anyone (including you) can turn off find my, sign out of icloud, erase or
activate the device. apple and its authorized agents may not perform hardware
or software support services, including services under apple’s limited
warranty, unless you disable find my prior to service. apple shall bear no
responsibility for your failure to protect your ios device with a passcode,
enable lost mode, and/or receive or respond to notices and communications.
apple shall also bear no responsibility for returning your ios device to you
or for any loss of data on your ios device.

offline finding is a crowdsourcing feature that can help you and others locate
missing devices when those devices are not connected to the internet. if
offline finding is enabled on a device, it can detect the presence of nearby
offline devices via bluetooth (or similar technologies). if a device detects a
missing offline device, it will use wi-fi or cellular connections to securely
report the approximate location of the device back to the apple id associated
with the device so the owner can view its location in the find my app.
location reporting is end-to-end encrypted, and apple cannot see the location
of the reporting device or any offline device. you can disable offline finding
in settings.

 **c. backup**

icloud backup periodically creates automatic backups for ios devices, when the
device is screen locked, connected to a power source, and connected to the
internet via a wi-fi network. if a device has not backed up to icloud for a
period of one hundred and eighty (180) days, apple reserves the right to
delete any backups associated with that device. backup may include device
settings, device characteristics, photos and videos, documents, your messages,
ringtones, health app data and other app data. for additional information,
please go to <https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht207428>. the following content
is not included in your icloud backup: content purchased from the itunes
store, app store, or apple books, media synced from your computer, and your
photo library if you have enabled icloud photo library. apple shall use
reasonable skill and due care in providing the service, but, _to the greatest
extent permissible by applicable law, apple does not guarantee or warrant that
any content you may store or access through the service will not be subject to
inadvertent damage, corruption, loss, or removal in accordance with the terms
of this agreement, and apple shall not be responsible should such damage,
corruption, loss, or removal occur._ it is your responsibility to maintain
appropriate alternate backup of your information and data.

 **d. photos**

 **1\. icloud photos.** when you enable icloud photos, your photos, videos,
metadata and any edits that you make in the photos app on your ios device,
macos computer, or windows pc will be automatically uploaded and stored in
icloud, and then pushed to all of your other icloud photos-enabled devices and
computers. the photo and video resolution may vary depending on your device
settings and available storage. you may download full resolution photos and
videos at any time.

 **2\. shared albums.** when you use shared albums, apple stores any photos
and videos you share until you delete them. you can access your shared photos
and videos from any of your apple devices that have shared albums enabled.
people you invite to shared albums may view, save, copy, and share these
photos and videos, as well as contribute photos and videos, and comments. if
you choose to use shared albums to share photos via a web link, these photos
will be publicly available to anyone who has been provided or has access to
the web link. if you want to stop sharing individual photos, videos, comments
or entire shared albums, you may delete them at any time. however, any content
previously copied from a shared album to another device or computer will not
be deleted. ****

**3\. my photo stream.** when you use my photo stream, apple stores photos
taken on your ios device or uploaded from your computer for a limited period
of time and automatically pushes the photos to your other apple devices that
have my photo stream enabled. a limited number of photos may be stored in
icloud or on your devices at any one time, and older photos will be
automatically deleted from my photo stream over time. to keep these photos
permanently, you must save them to the camera roll on your ios device or the
photo library on your computer.

**e. family sharing.** with family sharing, you can share certain purchased
content such as store purchases and apple subscriptions with members of your
family. you may also share certain content such as photos, calendars,
location, and screen time information depending on what your family chooses to
share. for more information regarding sharing your content purchases, please
see the apple media services terms and conditions at
_<https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/ww/>. _for more
information about sharing content, device usage and location information with
family members, please see _<https://www.apple.com/family-sharing/>_

**f. file sharing.** when you use icloud file sharing, apple stores any files
you share until you delete them. you can access your shared files from any of
your apple devices with icloud drive enabled. you may give access to people to
view, save, copy or edit these files. you have the option to give people the
right to edit the files or to only view them. if you use icloud file sharing
to share files via a web link, these files will be publicly accessible to
anyone who has been provided the web link. you can stop sharing files at any
time. if you stop sharing, files will be removed from icloud drive on
everyone’s devices. however, any file previously copied to another device or
computer will not be deleted.

**g. mail drop.** if you are logged in to icloud and you use the macos mail
app or icloud mail on the web to send emails with large attachments, you will
have the option of using mail drop. with mail drop, your large attachments
will be temporarily stored on icloud servers in order to facilitate their
delivery. apple will either send a link or a preview of the attachment to
recipients, depending on your recipient’s email client application. temporary
storage of large email attachments will not count towards your icloud storage
quota. for more information about mail drop, please go to
_<https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht203093>_.

**h. third party apps.** if you sign in to certain third party apps with your
icloud credentials, you agree to allow that app to store data in your personal
icloud account and for apple to collect, store and process such data on behalf
of the relevant third-party app developer in association with your use of the
service and such apps. the data that the app stores in your personal icloud
account will count towards your storage limit. such data may be shared with
another app that you download from the same app developer.

**i. icloud web-only account.** if you sign up for the service with a web-only
account on a non-apple-branded device or computer, you will have access to
only a limited set of service functionality. you will receive 1 gb of free
storage and you will not be able to increase this amount with a web-only
account. as a condition to accessing the service with a web-only account, you
agree to all relevant terms and conditions found in this agreement, including,
without limitation, all requirements for use of the service, limitations on
use, availability, public beta, disclaimers of warranties, rules regarding
your content and conduct, and termination. terms found in this agreement
relating to features not available for web-only users will not be applicable
to you. these include, for example, use of location based services and payment
of fees for icloud storage upgrades. you further agree that if you
subsequently access your web-only account from an apple-branded device or
apple-branded computer, whether or not you own such device or computer, apple
may automatically upgrade your web-only account to a full icloud account and
provide all available functionality of the service to you, including increased
free storage capacity. if you choose to access your web-only account from an
apple-branded device or apple-branded computer and you are subsequently
upgraded to full functionality of the service, you agree that all of the terms
and conditions contained herein apply to your use of the service. if you do
not want to have a full icloud account, do not sign in to your web-only
account from an apple-branded device or computer.

 **j. two-factor authentication and autodialed calls/texts.** if you choose to
enable two-factor authentication for your apple id, you consent to (a) provide
apple at least one telephone number; and (b) receive autodialed or prerecorded
calls and text messages from apple at any of the telephone numbers provided.
we may place such calls or texts to (i) help keep your account secure when
signing in; (ii) help you access your account when you’ve forgotten your
password; or (iii) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce
this agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may
have with you.

 **iii. subscription storage upgrades**

additional storage is available for purchase on a subscription basis.

 **a. payment**

by upgrading your storage on your device or computer, apple will automatically
charge on a recurring basis the storage fee for the storage plan you choose,
including any applicable taxes, to the payment method associated with your
apple id (e.g., the payment method you use to shop on the itunes store, app
store, or apple books, if available) or the payment method associated with
your family account. for details about storage plans and pricing, please visit
<https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht201238>. if you are a family organizer, you
agree to have apple charge your payment method on a recurring basis for
members of your family who upgrade their storage. apple may also obtain
preapproval for an amount up to the amount of the transaction and contact you
periodically by email to the email address associated with your apple id for
billing reminders and other storage account-related communications.

you can change your subscription by upgrading or downgrading your storage
under the icloud section of settings on your device, or under the icloud pane
of system preferences on your mac or icloud for windows on your pc.

the applicable storage fee for an upgraded storage plan will take effect
immediately; downgrades to your storage plan will take effect on the next
annual or monthly billing date. you are responsible for the timely payment of
all fees and for providing apple with valid credit card or payment account
details for payment of all fees. if apple is unable to successfully charge
your credit card or payment account for fees due, apple reserves the right to
revoke or restrict access to your stored content, delete your stored content,
or terminate your account. if you want to designate a different credit card or
payment account or if there is a change in your credit card or payment account
status, you must change your information online in the account information
section of icloud; this may temporarily disrupt your access to the services
while apple verifies your new payment information. we may contact you via
email regarding your account, for reasons including, without limitation,
reaching or exceeding your storage limit.

if you are in brazil, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary:

for any charges made by apple to you, apple may use an affiliated company to
perform activities of collection and remittances to charge any amounts owed by
you in connection with your icloud account. in addition, your total price will
include the price of the upgrade plus any applicable credit card fees. you are
responsible for any taxes applicable to you except for any applicable
withholding taxes which shall be collected by apple’s affiliated company. you
must provide all account information required by apple to enable such
transactions. you acknowledge and agree that if you do not provide all
required account information, apple shall have the right to terminate your
account _._

 **b. right of withdrawal**

if you choose to cancel your subscription following its initial purchase or,
if you are on an annual payment plan, following the commencement of any
renewal term, you may do so by informing apple with a clear statement (see
applicable address details in section “general” below) within 14 days from
when you received your e-mail confirmation by contacting customer support. you
do not need to provide a reason for cancellation.

to meet the cancellation deadline, you must send your communication of
cancellation before the 14-day period has expired.

customers in the eu and norway also have the right to inform us using the
model cancellation form below:

to: apple distribution international ltd., hollyhill industrial estate,
hollyhill, cork, republic of ireland:

i hereby give notice that i withdraw from my contract for the following:

[subscription amount and period, e.g., 200 gb monthly icloud subscription
storage upgrade]

ordered on [insert date]

name of consumer

address of consumer

date

**effects of cancellation**

we will reduce your storage back to 5 gb and reimburse you no later than 14
days from the day on which we receive your cancellation notice. if you have
used more than 5gb of storage during this period, you may not be able to
create any more icloud backups or use certain features until you have reduced
your storage. we will use the same means of payment as you used for the
transaction, and you will not incur any fees for such reimbursement.

**iv. your use of the service**

 **a. your account**

as a registered user of the service, you must establish an account. don’t
reveal your account information to anyone else. you are solely responsible for
maintaining the confidentiality and security of your account and for all
activities that occur on or through your account, and you agree to immediately
notify apple of any security breach of your account. you further acknowledge
and agree that the service is designed and intended for personal use on an
individual basis and you should not share your account and/or password details
with another individual. provided we have exercised reasonable skill and due
care, apple shall not be responsible for any losses arising out of the
unauthorized use of your account resulting from you not following these rules.

in order to use the service, you must enter your apple id and password to
authenticate your account. you agree to provide accurate and complete
information when you register with, and as you use, the service (“service
registration data”), and you agree to update your service registration data to
keep it accurate and complete. failure to provide accurate, current and
complete service registration data may result in the suspension and/or
termination of your account. you agree that apple may store and use the
service registration data you provide for use in maintaining and billing fees
to your account.

 **b. use of other apple products and services**

particular components or features of the service provided by apple and/or its
licensors, including but not limited to the ability to download previous
purchases and itunes match and/or icloud music library (additional fees
apply), require separate software or other license agreements or terms of use.
you must read, accept, and agree to be bound by any such separate agreement as
a condition of using these particular components or features of the service.

 **c. no conveyance**

nothing in this agreement shall be construed to convey to you any interest,
title, or license in an apple id, email address, domain name, ichat id, or
similar resource used by you in connection with the service.

 **d. no right of survivorship**

unless otherwise required by law, you agree that your account is non-
transferable and that any rights to your apple id or content within your
account terminate upon your death. upon receipt of a copy of a death
certificate your account may be terminated and all content within your account
deleted. contact icloud support at <https://support.apple.com/icloud> for
further assistance.

 **e. no resale of service**

you agree that you will not reproduce, copy, duplicate, sell, resell, rent or
trade the service (or any part thereof) for any purpose.

 **v. content and your conduct**

 **a. content**

“content” means any information that may be generated or encountered through
use of the service, such as data files, device characteristics, written text,
software, music, graphics, photographs, images, sounds, videos, messages and
any other like materials. you understand that all content, whether publicly
posted or privately transmitted on the service is the sole responsibility of
the person from whom such content originated. this means that you, and not
apple, are solely responsible for any content you upload, download, post,
email, transmit, store or otherwise make available through your use of the
service. you understand that by using the service you may encounter content
that you may find offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and that you may
expose others to content that they may find objectionable. apple does not
control the content posted via the service, nor does it guarantee the
accuracy, integrity or quality of such content. you understand and agree that
your use of the service and any content is solely at your own risk.

 **b. your conduct**

you agree that you will not use the service to:

a. upload, download, post, email, transmit, store or otherwise make available
any content that is unlawful, harassing, threatening, harmful, tortious,
defamatory, libelous, abusive, violent, obscene, vulgar, invasive of another’s
privacy, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or otherwise
objectionable;

b. stalk, harass, threaten or harm another;

c. if you are an adult, request personal or other information from a minor
(any person under the age of 18 or such other age as local law defines as a
minor) who is not personally known to you, including but not limited to any of
the following: full name or last name, home address, zip/postal code,
telephone number, picture, or the names of the minor’s school, church,
athletic team or friends;

d. pretend to be anyone, or any entity, you are not — you may not impersonate
or misrepresent yourself as another person (including celebrities), entity,
another icloud user, an apple employee, or a civic or government leader, or
otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity (apple
reserves the right to reject or block any apple id or email address which
could be deemed to be an impersonation or misrepresentation of your identity,
or a misappropriation of another person’s name or identity);

e. engage in any copyright infringement or other intellectual property
infringement (including uploading any content to which you do not have the
right to upload), or disclose any trade secret or confidential information in
violation of a confidentiality, employment, or nondisclosure agreement;

f. post, send, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or
unauthorized email messages, advertising, promotional materials, junk mail,
spam, or chain letters, including, without limitation, bulk commercial
advertising and informational announcements;

g. forge any tcp-ip packet header or any part of the header information in an
email or a news group posting, or otherwise putting information in a header
designed to mislead recipients as to the origin of any content transmitted
through the service (“spoofing”);

h. upload, post, email, transmit, store or otherwise make available any
material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs
designed to harm, interfere or limit the normal operation of the service (or
any part thereof), or any other computer software or hardware;

i. interfere with or disrupt the service (including accessing the service
through any automated means, like scripts or web crawlers), or any servers or
networks connected to the service, or any policies, requirements or
regulations of networks connected to the service (including any unauthorized
access to, use or monitoring of data or traffic thereon);

j. plan or engage in any illegal activity; and/or

k. gather and store personal information on any other users of the service to
be used in connection with any of the foregoing prohibited activities.

 **c. removal of content**

you acknowledge that apple is not responsible or liable in any way for any
content provided by others and has no duty to screen such content. however,
apple reserves the right at all times to determine whether content is
appropriate and in compliance with this agreement, and may screen, move,
refuse, modify and/or remove content at any time, without prior notice and in
its sole discretion, if such content is found to be in violation of this
agreement or is otherwise objectionable.

 **d. back up your content**

you are responsible for backing up, to your own computer or other device, any
important documents, images or other content that you store or access via the
service. apple shall use reasonable skill and due care in providing the
service, but apple does not guarantee or warrant that any content you may
store or access through the service will not be subject to inadvertent damage,
corruption or loss.

 **e. access to your account and content**

apple reserves the right to take steps apple believes are reasonably necessary
or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with any part of this
agreement. you acknowledge and agree that apple may, without liability to you,
access, use, preserve and/or disclose your account information and content to
law enforcement authorities, government officials, and/or a third party, as
apple believes is reasonably necessary or appropriate, if legally required to
do so or if apple has a good faith belief that such access, use, disclosure,
or preservation is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or
request; (b) enforce this agreement, including investigation of any potential
violation thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or
technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property or safety of apple, its
users, a third party, or the public as required or permitted by law.

 **f. copyright notice - dmca**

if you believe that any content in which you claim copyright has been
infringed by anyone using the service, please contact apple’s copyright agent
as described in our copyright policy at
_<https://www.apple.com/legal/trademark/claimsofcopyright.html>_. apple may,
in its sole discretion, suspend and/or terminate accounts of users that are
found to be repeat infringers.

 **g. violations of this agreement**

if while using the service, you encounter content you find inappropriate, or
otherwise believe to be a violation of this agreement, you may report it by
sending an email to _[abuse@icloud.com](mailto:abuse@icloud.com)_.

 **h. content submitted or made available by you on the service**

 **1\. license from you.** except for material we may license to you, apple
does not claim ownership of the materials and/or content you submit or make
available on the service. however, by submitting or posting such content on
areas of the service that are accessible by the public or other users with
whom you consent to share such content, you grant apple a worldwide, royalty-
free, non-exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt,
publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such content on the
service solely for the purpose for which such content was submitted or made
available, without any compensation or obligation to you. you agree that any
content submitted or posted by you shall be your sole responsibility, shall
not infringe or violate the rights of any other party or violate any laws,
contribute to or encourage infringing or otherwise unlawful conduct, or
otherwise be obscene, objectionable, or in poor taste. by submitting or
posting such content on areas of the service that are accessible by the public
or other users, you are representing that you are the owner of such material
and/or have all necessary rights, licenses, and authorization to distribute
it.

 **2\. changes to content.** you understand that in order to provide the
service and make your content available thereon, apple may transmit your
content across various public networks, in various media, and modify or change
your content to comply with technical requirements of connecting networks or
devices or computers. you agree that the license herein permits apple to take
any such actions.

 **3\. trademark information.** apple, the apple logo, icloud, the icloud logo
and other apple trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in
connection with the service are trademarks or registered trademarks of apple
inc. in the us and/or other countries. a list of apple’s trademarks can be
found here - _<https://www.apple.com/legal/trademark/appletmlist.html>_. other
trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the
service may be the trademarks of their respective owners. you are granted no
right or license in any of the aforesaid trademarks, and further agree that
you shall not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary notices (including
trademark and copyright notices) that may be affixed to or contained within
the service.

 **vi. software**

 **a. apple’s proprietary rights.** you acknowledge and agree that apple
and/or its licensors own all legal right, title and interest in and to the
service, including but not limited to graphics, user interface, the scripts
and software used to implement the service, and any software provided to you
as a part of and/or in connection with the service (the “software”), including
any and all intellectual property rights that exist therein, whether
registered or not, and wherever in the world they may exist. you further agree
that the service (including the software, or any other part thereof) contains
proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable
intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright.
you agree that you will not use such proprietary information or materials in
any way whatsoever except for use of the service in compliance with this
agreement. no portion of the service may be reproduced in any form or by any
means, except as expressly permitted in these terms.

 **b. license from apple.** the use of the software or any part of the
service, except for use of the service as permitted in this agreement, is
strictly prohibited and infringes on the intellectual property rights of
others and may subject you to civil and criminal penalties, including possible
monetary damages, for copyright infringement.

 **c. public beta.** from time to time, apple may choose to offer new and/or
updated features of the service (the “beta features”) as part of a public beta
program (the “program”) for the purpose of providing apple with feedback on
the quality and usability of the beta features. you understand and agree that
your participation in the program is voluntary and does not create a legal
partnership, agency, or employment relationship between you and apple, and
that apple is not obligated to provide you with any beta features. apple may
make such beta features available to program participants by online
registration or enrollment via the service. you understand and agree that
apple may collect and use information from your account, devices and
peripherals in order to enroll you in a program and/or determine your
eligibility to participate. you understand that once you enroll in a program
you may be unable to revert to the earlier non-beta version of a given beta
feature. in the event such reversion is possible, you may not be able to
migrate data created within the beta feature back to the earlier non-beta
version. your use of the beta features and participation in the program is
governed by this agreement and any additional license terms that may
separately accompany the beta features. the beta features are provided on an
“as is” and “as available” basis and may contain errors or inaccuracies that
could cause failures, corruption or loss of data and/or information from your
device and from peripherals (including, without limitation, servers and
computers) connected thereto. apple strongly encourages you to backup all data
and information on your device and any peripherals prior to participating in
any program. you expressly acknowledge and agree that all use of the beta
features is at your sole risk. you assume all risks and all costs associated
with your participation in any program, including, without limitation, any
internet access fees, backup expenses, costs incurred for the use of your
device and peripherals, and any damage to any equipment, software, information
or data. apple may or may not provide you with technical and/or other support
for the beta features. if support is provided it will be in addition to your
normal support coverage for the service and only available through the
program. you agree to abide by any support rules or policies that apple
provides to you in order to receive any such support. apple reserves the right
to modify the terms, conditions or policies of the program (including ceasing
the program) at any time with or without notice, and may revoke your
participation in the program at any time. you acknowledge that apple has no
obligation to provide a commercial version of the beta features, and that
should such a commercial version be made available, it may have features or
functionality different than that contained in the beta features. as part of
the program, apple will provide you with the opportunity to submit comments,
suggestions, or other feedback regarding your use of the beta features. you
agree that in the absence of a separate written agreement to the contrary,
apple will be free to use any feedback you provide for any purpose.

 **d. export control.** use of the service and software, including
transferring, posting, or uploading data, software or other content via the
service, may be subject to the export and import laws of the united states and
other countries. you agree to comply with all applicable export and import
laws and regulations. in particular, but without limitation, the software may
not be exported or re-exported (a) into any u.s. embargoed countries or (b) to
anyone on the u.s. treasury department’s list of specially designated
nationals or the u.s. department of commerce denied person’s list or entity
list. by using the software or service, you represent and warrant that you are
not located in any such country or on any such list. you also agree that you
will not use the software or service for any purposes prohibited by united
states law, including, without limitation, the development, design,
manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological
weapons. you further agree not to upload to your account any data or software
that is: (a) subject to international traffic in arms regulations; or (b) that
cannot be exported without prior written government authorization, including,
but not limited to, certain types of encryption software and source code,
without first obtaining that authorization. this assurance and commitment
shall survive termination of this agreement.

 **e. updates**. from time to time, apple may update the software used by the
service. in order to continue your use of the service, such updates may be
automatically downloaded and installed onto your device or computer. these
updates may include bug fixes, feature enhancements or improvements, or
entirely new versions of the software.

**vii. termination**

 **a. voluntary termination by you**

you may delete your apple id and/or stop using the service at any time. if you
wish to stop using icloud on your device, you may disable icloud from a device
by opening settings on your device, tapping icloud, and tapping ”sign out”. to
terminate your account and delete your apple id, contact apple support at
_<https://support.apple.com/contact>_. if you terminate your account and
delete your apple id, you will not have access to other apple or third party
products and services that you set up with that apple id. this action may be
non-reversible. any fees paid by you prior to your termination are
nonrefundable (except as expressly permitted otherwise by this agreement),
including any fees paid in advance for the billing year during which you
terminate. termination of your account shall not relieve you of any obligation
to pay any accrued fees or charges.

 **b. termination by apple**

apple may at any time, under certain circumstances and without prior notice,
immediately terminate or suspend all or a portion of your account and/or
access to the service. cause for such termination shall include: (a)
violations of this agreement or any other policies or guidelines that are
referenced herein and/or posted on the service; (b) a request by you to cancel
or terminate your account; (c) a request and/or order from law enforcement, a
judicial body, or other government agency; (d) where provision of the service
to you is or may become unlawful; (e) unexpected technical or security issues
or problems; (f) your participation in fraudulent or illegal activities; or
(g) failure to pay any fees owed by you in relation to the service, provided
that in the case of non-material breach, apple will be permitted to terminate
only after giving you 30 days’ notice and only if you have not cured the
breach within such 30-day period. any such termination or suspension shall be
made by apple in its sole discretion and apple will not be responsible to you
or any third party for any damages that may result or arise out of such
termination or suspension of your account and/or access to the service. in
addition, apple may terminate your account upon 30 days’ prior notice via
email to the address associated with your account if (a) your account has been
inactive for one (1) year; or (b) there is a general discontinuance of the
service or any part thereof. notice of general discontinuance of service will
be provided as set forth herein, unless it would not be reasonable to do so
due to circumstances arising from legal, regulatory, or governmental action;
to address user security, user privacy, or technical integrity concerns; to
avoid service disruptions to other users; or due to a natural disaster, a
catastrophic event, war, or other similar occurrence outside of apple’s
reasonable control. in the event of such termination, apple will provide you
with a pro rata refund of any pre-payment for your then-current paid term.
apple shall not be liable to you for any modifications to the service or terms
of service in accordance with this section viib.

 **c. effects of termination**

upon termination of your account you may lose all access to the service and
any portions thereof, including, but not limited to, your account, apple id,
email account, and content. in addition, after a period of time, apple will
delete information and data stored in or as a part of your account(s). any
individual components of the service that you may have used subject to
separate software license agreements will also be terminated in accordance
with those license agreements.

 **viii. links and other third party materials**

certain content, components or features of the service may include materials
from third parties and/or hyperlinks to other web sites, resources or content.
because apple may have no control over such third party sites and/or
materials, you acknowledge and agree that apple is not responsible for the
availability of such sites or resources, and does not endorse or warrant the
accuracy of any such sites or resources, and shall in no way be liable or
responsible for any content, advertising, products or materials on or
available from such sites or resources. you further acknowledge and agree that
apple shall not be responsible or liable in any way for any damages you incur
or allege to have incurred, either directly or indirectly, as a result of your
use and/or reliance upon any such content, advertising, products or materials
on or available from such sites or resources.

 **ix. disclaimer of warranties; limitation of liability**

some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, as such,
to the extent such exclusions are specifically prohibited by applicable law,
some of the exclusions set forth below may not apply to you.

apple shall use reasonable skill and due care in providing the service. the
following disclaimers are subject to this express warranty.

 _apple does not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your use of the service
will be uninterrupted or error-free, and you agree that from time to time
apple may remove the service for indefinite periods of time, or cancel the
service in accordance with the terms of this agreement._

you expressly understand and agree that the service is provided on an “as is”
and “as available” basis. apple and its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers,
directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors expressly disclaim all
warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited
to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, and non-infringement. in particular, apple and its affiliates,
subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors
make no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements; (ii) your
use of the service will be timely, uninterrupted, secure or error-free; (iii)
any information obtained by you as a result of the service will be accurate or
reliable; and (iv) any defects or errors in the software provided to you as
part of the service will be corrected.

 _apple does not represent or guarantee that the service will be free from
loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security
intrusion, and apple disclaims any liability relating thereto._

any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service
is accessed at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely
responsible for any damage to your device, computer, or loss of data that
results from the download of any such material. you further acknowledge that
the service is not intended or suitable for use in situations or environments
where the failure or time delays of, or errors or inaccuracies in, the
content, data or information provided by the service could lead to death,
personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage.

 **limitation of liability**

some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability by
service providers. to the extent such exclusions or limitations are
specifically prohibited by applicable law, some of the exclusions or
limitations set forth below may not apply to you.

apple shall use reasonable skill and due care in providing the service. the
following limitations do not apply in respect of loss resulting from (a)
apple’s failure to use reasonable skill and due care; (b) apple’s gross
negligence, wilful misconduct or fraud; or (c) death or personal injury.

you expressly understand and agree that apple and its affiliates,
subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, agents, partners and licensors
shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for
loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, cost of procurement of substitute goods
or services, or other intangible losses (even if apple has been advised of the
possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or inability to use
the service (ii) any changes made to the service or any temporary or permanent
cessation of the service or any part thereof; (iii) the unauthorized access to
or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) the deletion of, corruption
of, or failure to store and/or send or receive your transmissions or data on
or through the service; (v) statements or conduct of any third party on the
service; and (vi) any other matter relating to the service.

 **indemnification**

you agree to defend, indemnify and hold apple, its affiliates, subsidiaries,
directors, officers, employees, agents, partners, contractors, and licensors
harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made
by a third party, relating to or arising from: (a) any content you submit,
post, transmit, or otherwise make available through the service; (b) your use
of the service; (c) any violation by you of this agreement; (d) any action
taken by apple as part of its investigation of a suspected violation of this
agreement or as a result of its finding or decision that a violation of this
agreement has occurred; or (e) your violation of any rights of another. this
means that you cannot sue apple, its affiliates, subsidiaries, directors,
officers, employees, agents, partners, contractors, and licensors as a result
of its decision to remove or refuse to process any information or content, to
warn you, to suspend or terminate your access to the service, or to take any
other action during the investigation of a suspected violation or as a result
of apple’s conclusion that a violation of this agreement has occurred. this
waiver and indemnity provision applies to all violations described in or
contemplated by this agreement. this obligation shall survive the termination
or expiration of this agreement and/or your use of the service. you
acknowledge that you are responsible for all use of the service using your
account, and that this agreement applies to any and all usage of your account.
you agree to comply with this agreement and to defend, indemnify and hold
harmless apple from and against any and all claims and demands arising from
usage of your account, whether or not such usage is expressly authorized by
you.

 **x. general**

 **a. notices**

apple may provide you with notices regarding the service, including changes to
this agreement, by email to your icloud email address (and/or other alternate
email address associated with your account if provided), imessage or sms, by
regular mail, or by postings on our website and/or the service.

 **b. governing law**

except to the extent expressly provided in the following paragraph, this
agreement and the relationship between you and apple shall be governed by the
laws of the state of california, excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
you and apple agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts located within the county of santa clara, california, to resolve
any dispute or claim arising from this agreement. if (a) you are not a u.s.
citizen; (b) you do not reside in the u.s.; (c) you are not accessing the
service from the u.s.; and (d) you are a citizen of one of the countries
identified below, you hereby agree that any dispute or claim arising from this
agreement shall be governed by the applicable law set forth below, without
regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably submit to
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the state, province or
country identified below whose law governs:

if you are a citizen of any european union country or switzerland, norway or
iceland, the governing law and forum shall be the laws and courts of your
usual place of residence.

if you are a citizen of japan, the governing law shall be japanese law and the
forum shall be tokyo, japan.

specifically excluded from application to this agreement is that law known as
the united nations convention on the international sale of goods.

 **c. entire agreement**

this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and apple, governs
your use of the service and completely replaces any prior agreements between
you and apple in relation to the service. you may also be subject to
additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate
services, third-party content, or third-party software. if any part of this
agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in
a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the
original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in
full force and effect. the failure of apple to exercise or enforce any right
or provision of this agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
provision. you agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this
agreement, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement.

 **d. “apple” as used herein means:**

• apple inc., located at one apple park way, cupertino, california, for users
in north, central, and south america (excluding canada), as well as united
states territories and possessions; and french and british possessions in
north america, south america, and the caribbean;

• apple canada inc., located at 120 bremner blvd., suite 1600, toronto on m5j
0a8, canada for users in canada or its territories and possessions;

• itunes k.k., located at roppongi hills, 6-10-1 roppongi, minato-ku, tokyo
106-6140, tokyo for users in japan with regard to section iii, ix and x of
this agreement. with respect to all other terms of this agreement including
section ix and x, for users in japan “apple” as used herein means apple inc.,
located at 1 infinite loop, cupertino, california.

• apple pty limited, located at levels 2-b, 20 martin place, sydney nsw 2000,
australia, for users in australia, new zealand, including island possessions,
territories, and affiliated jurisdictions; and

• apple distribution international ltd., located at hollyhill industrial
estate, hollyhill, cork, republic of ireland, for all other users.

**electronic contracting**

your use of the service includes the ability to enter into agreements and/or
to make transactions electronically. _you acknowledge that your electronic
submissions constitute your agreement and intent to be bound by and to pay for
such agreements and transactions. your agreement and intent to be bound by
electronic submissions applies to all records relating to all transactions you
enter into on this service, including notices of cancellation, policies,
contracts, and applications._ in order to access and retain your electronic
records, you may be required to have certain hardware and software, which are
your sole responsibility.

last revised: september 19, 2019

## apple footer

[  apple ](https://www.apple.com)

  1. [ legal](/legal/)
  2. [ internet services](/legal/internet-services/)
  3. icloud

### hardware and software

open menu close menu

  * [hardware warranties](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software license agreements](/legal/sla/)
  * [rf exposure](/legal/rfexposure/)

### more resources

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/more-resources/)
  * [government information requests](https://www.apple.com/privacy/government-information-requests/)
  * [contact apple legal](/legal/contact/)
  * [global trade compliance](/legal/more-resources/gtc.html)
  * [supplier provisions](/legal/more-resources/supplier-provisions.html)
  * [filemaker legal information](http://www.filemaker.com/company/legal/trademark_guidelines.html)

### sales & support

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [applecare](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [repair terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/repair/)
  * [express replacement service](/legal/sales-support/terms/iphonears/)
  * [remote support terms and conditions](https://images.apple.com/legal/sales-support/applecare/docs/remotesupport_terms.pdf)
  * [sales policies](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [certification agreements and policies](/legal/sales-support/certification/)
  * [training service terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/training/trainingservice.html)
  * [support communities terms of use](https://discussions.apple.com/terms)

### internet services

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [apple media services terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/)
  * [itunes gift cards and codes terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/giftcards/)
  * [game center terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/)
  * [icloud terms of service](/legal/internet-services/icloud/)
  * [testflight terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/testflight/)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy/)
  * [website terms of use](/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html)

### intellectual property

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [guidelines for using apple trademarks and copyrights](/legal/intellectual-property/guidelinesfor3rdparties.html)
  * [trademarks](/legal/intellectual-property/trademark/appletmlist.html)
  * [rights and permissions](/legal/contact/rights-permissions.html)
  * [piracy prevention](/legal/intellectual-property/piracy.html)
  * [unsolicited idea submission policy](/legal/intellectual-property/policies/ideas.html)

### education

open menu close menu

  * [apple school manager](/legal/education/apple-school-manager/)

###  enterprise

open menu close menu

  * [apple business manager](/legal/enterprise/apple-business-manager/)
  * [data transfer agreements](/legal/enterprise/datatransfer/)

more ways to shop: [find an apple store](/retail/) or [other
retailer](https://locate.apple.com/) near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.

[united states](/choose-country-region/ "choose your country or region")

copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved.

[privacy policy](/legal/privacy/) [terms of use](/legal/internet-
services/terms/site.html) [sales and
refunds](/us/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds) [legal](/legal/) [site
map](/sitemap/)

