  * global nav open menu global nav close menu
  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

[ search apple.com cancel ](/us/search)

  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ mac ](/mac/)
  * [ ipad ](/ipad/)
  * [ iphone ](/iphone/)
  * [ watch ](/watch/)
  * [ tv ](/tv/)
  * [ music ](/music/)
  * [ support ](https://support.apple.com)
  * [](/us/search)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

cancel

[legal](/legal/)

open menu close menu

  * [hardware](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software](/legal/sla/)
  * [sales & support](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [internet services](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [intellectual property](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [more resources](/legal/more-resources/)

# apple website terms of use

legal information & notices

### ownership of site; agreement to terms of use

these terms and conditions of use (the "terms of use") apply to the apple web
site located at [www.apple.com](/), and all associated sites linked to
[www.apple.com](/) by apple, its subsidiaries and affiliates, including apple
sites around the world (collectively, the "site"). the site is the property of
apple inc. ("apple") and its licensors. by using the site, you agree to these
terms of use; if you do not agree, do not use the site.

apple reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or
remove portions of these terms of use, at any time. it is your responsibility
to check these terms of use periodically for changes. your continued use of
the site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree
to the changes. as long as you comply with these terms of use, apple grants
you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter
and use the site.

### content

all text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs,
trademarks, logos, sounds, music, artwork and computer code (collectively,
"content"), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection,
coordination, expression, "look and feel" and arrangement of such content,
contained on the site is owned, controlled or licensed by or to apple, and is
protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various
other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.

except as expressly provided in these terms of use, no part of the site and no
content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly
displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way
(including "mirroring") to any other computer, server, web site or other
medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise,
without apple’s express prior written consent.

you may use information on apple products and services (such as data sheets,
knowledge base articles, and similar materials) purposely made available by
apple for downloading from the site, provided that you (1) not remove any
proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (2) use such
information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and
do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it
in any media, (3) make no modifications to any such information, and (4) not
make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.

### your use of the site

you may not use any "deep-link", "page-scrape", "robot", "spider" or other
automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or
equivalent manual process, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of
the site or any content, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the
navigational structure or presentation of the site or any content, to obtain
or attempt to obtain any materials, documents or information through any means
not purposely made available through the site. apple reserves the right to bar
any such activity.

you may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of
the site, or any other systems or networks connected to the site or to any
apple server, or to any of the services offered on or through the site, by
hacking, password "mining" or any other illegitimate means.

you may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the site or any network
connected to the site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on
the site or any network connected to the site. you may not reverse look-up,
trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the
site, or any other customer of apple, including any apple account not owned by
you, to its source, or exploit the site or any service or information made
available or offered by or through the site, in any way where the purpose is
to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal
identification or information, other than your own information, as provided
for by the site.

you agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or
disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the site or apple’s
systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the site or to
apple.

you agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt
to interfere with the proper working of the site or any transaction being
conducted on the site, or with any other person’s use of the site.

you may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to
disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to apple on or
through the site or any service offered on or through the site. you may not
pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any
other individual or entity.

you may not use the site or any content for any purpose that is unlawful or
prohibited by these terms of use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal
activity or other activity which infringes the rights of apple or others.

### purchases; other terms and conditions

additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods or services
and to specific portions or features of the site, including contests,
promotions or other similar features, all of which terms are made a part of
these terms of use by this reference. you agree to abide by such other terms
and conditions, including where applicable representing that you are of
sufficient legal age to use or participate in such service or feature. if
there is a conflict between these terms of use and the terms posted for or
applicable to a specific portion of the site or for any service offered on or
through the site, the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of
that portion of the site or the specific service.

apple’s obligations, if any, with regard to its products and services are
governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided, and
nothing on this site should be construed to alter such agreements.

apple may make changes to any products or services offered on the site, or to
the applicable prices for any such products or services, at any time, without
notice. the materials on the site with respect to products and services may be
out of date, and apple makes no commitment to update the materials on the site
with respect to such products and services.

the following terms also govern and apply to your use of the site, and they
are incorporated herein by this reference:

  * [guidelines for using apple trademarks & copyrights](../../intellectual-property/guidelinesfor3rdparties.html)
  * [rights & permissions](/legal/contact/rights-permissions.html)
  * [trademarks](../../intellectual-property/)
  * [claims of copyright infringement](/legal/contact/copyright-infringement.html)
  * [piracy](../../intellectual-property/piracy.html)
  * [counterfeit products](/legal/contact/counterfeit-prevention.html)
  * [apple’s unsolicited idea submission policy](../../intellectual-property/policies/ideas.html)
  * [software license information](../../sla/)
  * [legal contacts](/legal/contact/)

each of these policies may be changed from time to time and are effective
immediately upon posting such changes on the site.

### accounts, passwords and security

certain features or services offered on or through the site may require you to
open an account (including setting up an apple id and password). you are
entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information
you hold for your account, including your password, and for any and all
activity that occurs under your account as a result of your failing to keep
this information secure and confidential. you agree to notify apple
immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other
breach of security. you may be held liable for losses incurred by apple or any
other user of or visitor to the site due to someone else using your apple id,
password or account as a result of your failing to keep your account
information secure and confidential.

you may not use anyone else’s apple id, password or account at any time
without the express permission and consent of the holder of that apple id,
password or account. apple cannot and will not be liable for any loss or
damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.

### privacy

apple’s privacy policy applies to use of this site, and its terms are made a
part of these terms of use by this reference. to view apple’s privacy policy,
[click here](../../privacy/). additionally, by using the site, you acknowledge
and agree that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure.
you understand that any message or information you send to the site may be
read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a
particular transmission (for example, credit card information) is encrypted.

### links to other sites and to the apple site

this site may contain links to other independent third-party web sites
("linked sites"). these linked sites are provided solely as a convenience to
our visitors. such linked sites are not under apple’s control, and apple is
not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such linked sites,
including any information or materials contained on such linked sites. you
will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction
with these linked sites.

### disclaimers

apple does not promise that the site or any content, service or feature of the
site will be error-free or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be
corrected, or that your use of the site will provide specific results. the
site and its content are delivered on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis. all
information provided on the site is subject to change without notice. apple
cannot ensure that any files or other data you download from the site will be
free of viruses or contamination or destructive features. apple disclaims all
warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, non-
infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. apple
disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any
third parties in connection with or related to your use of the site and/or any
apple services. you assume total responsibility for your use of the site and
any linked sites. your sole remedy against apple for dissatisfaction with the
site or any content is to stop using the site or any such content. this
limitation of relief is a part of the bargain between the parties.

the above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by
any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect,
delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line
failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or
use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of
action.

apple reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without
notice: (1) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the
site, or any portion of the site, for any reason; (2) to modify or change the
site, or any portion of the site, and any applicable policies or terms; and
(3) to interrupt the operation of the site, or any portion of the site, as
necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or
other changes.

### limitation of liability

except where prohibited by law, in no event will apple be liable to you for
any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages,
including lost profits, even if apple has been advised of the possibility of
such damages.

if, notwithstanding the other provisions of these terms of use, apple is found
to be liable to you for any damage or loss which arises out of or is in any
way connected with your use of the site or any content, apple’s liability
shall in no event exceed the greater of (1) the total of any subscription or
similar fees with respect to any service or feature of or on the site paid in
the six months prior to the date of the initial claim made against apple (but
not including the purchase price for any apple hardware or software products
or any applecare or similar support program), or (2) us$100.00. some
jurisdictions do not allow limitations of liability, so the foregoing
limitation may not apply to you.

### indemnity

you agree to indemnify and hold apple, its officers, directors, shareholders,
predecessors, successors in interest, employees, agents, subsidiaries and
affiliates, harmless from any demands, loss, liability, claims or expenses
(including attorneys’ fees), made against apple by any third party due to or
arising out of or in connection with your use of the site.

### violation of these terms of use

apple may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity)
if we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any
investigation or complaint regarding your use of the site, or to identify,
contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or
interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) apple’s rights or
property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the site,
including apple’s customers. apple reserves the right at all times to disclose
any information that apple deems necessary to comply with any applicable law,
regulation, legal process or governmental request. apple also may disclose
your information when apple determines that applicable law requires or permits
such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for fraud protection purposes.

you acknowledge and agree that apple may preserve any transmittal or
communication by you with apple through the site or any service offered on or
through the site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law
or apple determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably
necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these terms of use,
(3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4)
protect the rights, property or personal safety of apple, its employees, users
of or visitors to the site, and the public.

you agree that apple may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice,
terminate your access to the site and/or block your future access to the site
if we determine that you have violated these terms of use or other agreements
or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the site. you also
agree that any violation by you of these terms of use will constitute an
unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to
apple, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to
apple obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that apple deems necessary
or appropriate in such circumstances. these remedies are in addition to any
other remedies apple may have at law or in equity.

you agree that apple may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice,
terminate your access to the site, for cause, which includes (but is not
limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (2)
a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (3) discontinuance or
material modification of the site or any service offered on or through the
site, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.

if apple does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation
of these terms of use, apple will be entitled to recover from you, and you
agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in
addition to any other relief granted to apple. you agree that apple will not
be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the
site as a result of any violation of these terms of use.

### governing law; dispute resolution

you agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the site,
including all disputes, will be governed by the laws of the united states and
by the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflicts of laws
provisions. you agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the state
and federal courts in santa clara county, california, and waive any objection
to such jurisdiction or venue. the preceding provision regarding venue does
not apply if you are a consumer based in the european union. if you are a
consumer based in the european union, you may make a claim in the courts of
the country where you reside. any claim under these terms of use must be
brought within one (1) year after the cause of action arises, or such claim or
cause of action is barred. claims made under the separate terms and conditions
of purchase for goods and services are not subject to this limitation. no
recovery may be sought or received for damages other than out-of-pocket
expenses, except that the prevailing party will be entitled to costs and
attorneys’ fees. in the event of any controversy or dispute between apple and
you arising out of or in connection with your use of the site, the parties
shall attempt, promptly and in good faith, to resolve any such dispute. if we
are unable to resolve any such dispute within a reasonable time (not to exceed
thirty (30) days), then either party may submit such controversy or dispute to
mediation. if the dispute cannot be resolved through mediation, then the
parties shall be free to pursue any right or remedy available to them under
applicable law.

### void where prohibited

apple administers and operates the [www.apple.com](/) site from its location
in cupertino, california usa; other apple sites may be administered and
operated from various locations outside the united states. although the site
is accessible worldwide, not all features, products or services discussed,
referenced, provided or offered through or on the site are available to all
persons or in all geographic locations, or appropriate or available for use
outside the united states. apple reserves the right to limit, in its sole
discretion, the provision and quantity of any feature, product or service to
any person or geographic area. any offer for any feature, product or service
made on the site is void where prohibited. if you choose to access the site
from outside the united states, you do so on your own initiative and you are
solely responsible for complying with applicable local laws.

### miscellaneous

you may not use or export or re-export any content or any copy or adaptation
of such content, or any product or service offered on the site, in violation
of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation united
states export laws and regulations.

if any of the provisions of these terms of use are held by a court or other
tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be void or unenforceable, such
provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary and
replaced with a valid provision that best embodies the intent of these terms
of use, so that these terms of use shall remain in full force and effect.
these terms of use constitute the entire agreement between you and apple with
regard to your use of the site, and any and all other written or oral
agreements or understandings previously existing between you and apple with
respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled. other than as
provided in a purchase agreement you enter into with apple, apple will not
accept any counter-offers to these terms of use, and all such offers are
hereby categorically rejected. apple’s failure to insist on or enforce strict
performance of these terms of use shall not be construed as a waiver by apple
of any provision or any right it has to enforce these terms of use, nor shall
any course of conduct between apple and you or any other party be deemed to
modify any provision of these terms of use. these terms of use shall not be
interpreted or construed to confer any rights or remedies on any third
parties.

apple provides access to apple international data and, therefore, may contain
references or cross references to apple products, programs and services that
are not announced in your country. such reference does not imply that apple in
your country intends to announce such products, programs or services.

### feedback and information

any feedback you provide at this site shall be deemed to be non-confidential.
apple shall be free to use such information on an unrestricted basis.

_the information contained in this web site is subject to change without
notice.  
copyright © 1997-2009 apple inc. all rights reserved.  
apple inc., one apple park way, cupertino, ca 95014, usa._

updated by the apple legal team on nov. 20, 2009

## apple footer

[  apple ](https://www.apple.com)

  1. [ legal](/legal/)
  2. [ internet services](/legal/internet-services/)
  3. website terms of use

### hardware and software

open menu close menu

  * [hardware warranties](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software license agreements](/legal/sla/)
  * [rf exposure](/legal/rfexposure/)

### more resources

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/more-resources/)
  * [government information requests](https://www.apple.com/privacy/government-information-requests/)
  * [contact apple legal](/legal/contact/)
  * [global trade compliance](/legal/more-resources/gtc.html)
  * [supplier provisions](/legal/more-resources/supplier-provisions.html)
  * [filemaker legal information](http://www.filemaker.com/company/legal/trademark_guidelines.html)

### sales & support

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [applecare](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [repair terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/repair/)
  * [express replacement service](/legal/sales-support/terms/iphonears/)
  * [remote support terms and conditions](https://images.apple.com/legal/sales-support/applecare/docs/remotesupport_terms.pdf)
  * [sales policies](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [certification agreements and policies](/legal/sales-support/certification/)
  * [training service terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/training/trainingservice.html)
  * [support communities terms of use](https://discussions.apple.com/terms)

### internet services

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [apple media services terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/)
  * [itunes gift cards and codes terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/giftcards/)
  * [game center terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/)
  * [icloud terms of service](/legal/internet-services/icloud/)
  * [testflight terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/testflight/)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy/)
  * [website terms of use](/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html)

### intellectual property

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [guidelines for using apple trademarks and copyrights](/legal/intellectual-property/guidelinesfor3rdparties.html)
  * [trademarks](/legal/intellectual-property/trademark/appletmlist.html)
  * [rights and permissions](/legal/contact/rights-permissions.html)
  * [piracy prevention](/legal/intellectual-property/piracy.html)
  * [unsolicited idea submission policy](/legal/intellectual-property/policies/ideas.html)

### education

open menu close menu

  * [apple school manager](/legal/education/apple-school-manager/)

###  enterprise

open menu close menu

  * [apple business manager](/legal/enterprise/apple-business-manager/)
  * [data transfer agreements](/legal/enterprise/datatransfer/)

more ways to shop: [find an apple store](/retail/) or [other
retailer](https://locate.apple.com/) near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.

[united states](/choose-country-region/ "choose your country or region")

copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved.

[privacy policy](/legal/privacy/) [terms of use](/legal/internet-
services/terms/site.html) [sales and
refunds](/us/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds) [legal](/legal/) [site
map](/sitemap/)

