  * global nav open menu global nav close menu
  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

[ search apple.com cancel ](/us/search)

  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ mac ](/mac/)
  * [ ipad ](/ipad/)
  * [ iphone ](/iphone/)
  * [ watch ](/watch/)
  * [ tv ](/tv/)
  * [ music ](/music/)
  * [ support ](https://support.apple.com)
  * [](/us/search)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

cancel

[ privacy ](/privacy/)

local nav open menu local nav close menu

  * overview
  * [features](/privacy/features/)
  * [control](/privacy/control/)
  * [transparency report](/legal/transparency/)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy/en-ww/)

#

privacy

privacy is a fundamental human right. at apple, it’s also one of our core
values. your devices are important to so many parts of your life. what you
share from those experiences, and who you share it with, should be up to you.
we design apple products to protect your privacy and give you control over
your information. it’s not always easy. but that’s the kind of innovation we
believe in.

## your data.  
your choice.

starting in early 2021, you get greater control over how apps track you. learn
about the practices of the data collection industry to see what having more
choice means for you.

[view a day in the life of your data
(pdf)](/privacy/docs/a_day_in_the_life_of_your_data.pdf)

## everyday apps. designed for your privacy.

### safari throws trackers off your trail.

intelligent tracking prevention helps stop advertisers that follow you from
site to site.

____ close more about safari

## safari

some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch
you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web.
intelligent tracking prevention in safari uses on-device machine learning to
help block those trackers. and you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site
trackers safari is blocking by visiting your privacy report in the safari
toolbar.

advertisers can also create a “fingerprint” of your device to target you based
on characteristics like your browser configuration, and fonts and plug-ins
you’ve installed. to help prevent this, safari has built-in fingerprinting
defense, which shares a simplified system profile with websites you visit.
making it even more difficult for data companies to identify you.

### maps makes your location history, history.

the maps app doesn’t associate your data with your apple id, and apple doesn’t
keep a history of where you’ve been.

____ close more about maps

## maps

where you go says a lot about you. maps delivers a great experience without
apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. and because
maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your apple
id at all.

personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on
your device. data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms,
is not associated with your identity. instead, that information is based on
random identifiers that are constantly changing.

### photos protects your images from unwanted exposure.

the photos app uses machine learning to organize photos right on your device.
so you don’t need to share them with apple or anyone else.

____ close more about photos

## photos

your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your
favorite things. apple devices are designed so those memories don’t leave your
hands until you share them.

some services process photos in the cloud, which gives them access to your
photos. but we designed photos to process your images right on your mac,
iphone, and ipad. in fact, the apple neural engine with the a13 and a14 bionic
chips performs over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and
places without ever leaving your device. and when apps request access to your
photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.

### messages are only seen by who you send them to.

apple can’t read your imessages while they’re being sent between you and the
person you’re texting.

____ close more about messages

## messages

from inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video
chats. every blue-bubble message, picture, animoji, and video is encrypted
while being sent between devices.

smart suggestions in messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who
you’re messaging, are all done on your device.

### siri learns what you need. not who you are.

your apple id isn’t connected to siri, and your requests are associated with a
random identifier. not you.

____ close more about siri

## siri

siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing
your identity with apple or anyone else. you don’t sign in with your apple id
to use siri, and your device processes as much information as possible without
sending it to apple’s servers.

when apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a
random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. that data is used
only to improve siri, and we never share or sell it. apple doesn’t retain
audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve siri.

### apple news leaves what you read off the record.

apple news delivers content based on your interests, but it isn’t connected to
your identity. so apple doesn’t know what you’ve read.

____ close more about apple news

## apple news

many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you.
apple news delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. the
content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your apple id.

you get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up
to date with the latest news and stories. and because apple news uses machine
learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like
— without apple ever knowing what you’re into.

### wallet and apple pay help hide what you buy.

your credit and debit card numbers are hidden from apple, and apple doesn’t
keep transaction information that can be tied back to you.

____ close more about wallet and apple pay

## wallet & apple pay

what you buy, where you bought it, and how much you paid is sensitive
information. apple doesn’t store, sell, or use that information.

apple doesn’t store your credit or debit card numbers or share them with
merchants. instead, a unique device account number is created every time you
add a card to apple pay. and with apple card, your spending history is
generated right on your iphone, so only the bank has that history.

### health keeps your records under wraps.

you control which information goes into the health app and who you share it
with.

____ close more about health

## health

from your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health
can give you insight into some of your most personal details. with the health
app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to,
and who has access to it.

all of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, touch
id, or face id. so however you use the health app, you’re always in control of
your data.

new

### app store shows you what’s in store for your data.

easy-to-read summaries on the app store help you choose apps based on how they
use your data and whether they track you.

____ close more about app store

## app store

every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the app store is required to
follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. and every
app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at apple.

when you're checking out an app, you’ll get a summary of privacy practices to
help you decide if it works for you. apps you choose to download need your
permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can
always change your mind about what you share. starting in early 2021, ios 14
and ipados 14 will require developers to get your permission before tracking
your activity across other companies‘ apps and websites for ads or data
brokers.

## learn more about privacy at apple.

  * [review privacy features](/privacy/features/)
  * [control what you share](/privacy/control/)

## apple footer

[  apple ](/)

  1. privacy

### shop and learn

open menu close menu

  * [mac](/mac/)
  * [ipad](/ipad/)
  * [iphone](/iphone/)
  * [watch](/watch/)
  * [tv](/tv/)
  * [music](/music/)
  * [airpods](/airpods/)
  * [homepod](/homepod/)
  * [ipod touch](/ipod-touch/)
  * [accessories](/us/shop/goto/buy_accessories)
  * [gift cards](/us/shop/goto/giftcards)

### services

open menu close menu

  * [apple music](/apple-music/)
  * [apple tv+](/apple-tv-plus/)
  * [apple fitness+](/apple-fitness-plus/)
  * [apple news+](/apple-news/)
  * [apple arcade](/apple-arcade/)
  * [icloud](/icloud/)
  * [apple one](/apple-one/)
  * [apple card](/apple-card/)
  * [apple books](/apple-books/)
  * [app store](/app-store/)

### account

open menu close menu

  * [manage your apple id](https://appleid.apple.com/us/)
  * [apple store account](/us/shop/goto/account)
  * [icloud.com](https://www.icloud.com)

### apple store

open menu close menu

  * [find a store](/retail/)
  * [shop online](/us/shop/goto/shop)
  * [genius bar](/retail/geniusbar/)
  * [today at apple](/today/)
  * [apple camp](/today/camp/)
  * [apple store app](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/apple-store/id375380948)
  * [refurbished and clearance](/us/shop/goto/special_deals)
  * [financing](/us/shop/goto/payment_plan)
  * [apple trade in](/us/shop/goto/trade_in)
  * [order status](/us/shop/goto/order/list)
  * [shopping help](/us/shop/goto/help)

### for business

open menu close menu

  * [apple and business](/business/)
  * [shop for business](/retail/business/)

### for education

open menu close menu

  * [apple and education](/education/)
  * [shop for k-12](/education/k12/how-to-buy/)
  * [shop for college](/us/shop/goto/educationrouting)

### for healthcare

open menu close menu

  * [apple in healthcare](/healthcare/)
  * [health on apple watch](/healthcare/apple-watch/)
  * [health records on iphone](/healthcare/health-records/)

### for government

open menu close menu

  * [shop for government](/r/store/government/)
  * [shop for veterans and military](/us/shop/goto/eppstore/veteransandmilitary)

### apple values

open menu close menu

  * [accessibility](/accessibility/)
  * [education](/education/connected/)
  * [environment](/environment/)
  * [inclusion and diversity](/diversity/)
  * [privacy](/privacy/)
  * [racial equity and justice](/racial-equity-justice-initiative/)
  * [supplier responsibility](/supplier-responsibility/)

### about apple

open menu close menu

  * [newsroom](/newsroom/)
  * [apple leadership](/leadership/)
  * [job opportunities](/jobs/us/)
  * [investors](https://investor.apple.com/)
  * [ethics & compliance](/compliance/)
  * [events](/apple-events/)
  * [contact apple](/contact/)

more ways to shop: [find an apple store](/retail/) or [other
retailer](https://locate.apple.com/) near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.

[united states](/choose-country-region/ "choose your country or region")

copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved.

[privacy policy](/legal/privacy/) [terms of use](/legal/internet-
services/terms/site.html) [sales and
refunds](/us/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds) [legal](/legal/) [site
map](/sitemap/)

