  * global nav open menu global nav close menu
  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

[ search apple.com cancel ](/us/search)

  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ mac ](/mac/)
  * [ ipad ](/ipad/)
  * [ iphone ](/iphone/)
  * [ watch ](/watch/)
  * [ tv ](/tv/)
  * [ music ](/music/)
  * [ support ](https://support.apple.com)
  * [](/us/search)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

cancel

[ privacy](/privacy/)

local nav open menu local nav close menu

  * [ overview](/privacy/)
  * [ features ](/privacy/features/)
  * [ control](/privacy/control/)
  * [ transparency report](/legal/transparency/)
  * privacy policy

# apple privacy policy

### updated december 14, 2020

apple’s privacy policy describes how apple collects, uses, and shares your
personal data.

in addition to this privacy policy, we provide data and privacy information
embedded in our products and certain features that ask to use your personal
information. this product-specific information is accompanied by our data &
privacy icon.

![](https://www.apple.com/legal/images/icon_dataprivacy.png)

you will be given an opportunity to review this product-specific information
before enabling these features. you also can view this information at any
time, either in settings related to those features and/or online at
[apple.com/legal/privacy](/legal/privacy/).

please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices,
accessible via the headings below, and [contact us](contact/) if you have any
questions.

[download a copy of this privacy policy](/legal/privacy/pdfs/apple-privacy-
policy-en-ww.pdf)  
  
[your california privacy disclosures](/legal/privacy/california/)  
[apple health research apps privacy policy](/legal/privacy/apple-health-
studies/en-ww)  

  * ## what is personal data at apple?

at apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those
fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
**that’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable
individual or that is linked or linkable to them by apple as “personal data,”
no matter where the individual lives.** this means that data that directly
identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does
not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you —
such as the serial number of your device — is personal data.

this privacy policy covers how [apple or an apple-affiliated
company](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en/affiliated-company/) handles
personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through apple apps
(such as apple music or wallet), or in person (including by phone or when
visiting our retail stores). apple may also link to third parties on our
services or make third-party apps available for download in our app store.
apple’s privacy policy does not apply to how third parties define personal
data or how they use it. we encourage you to read their privacy policies and
know your privacy rights before interacting with them.

  * ## your privacy rights at apple

at apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict
the processing of, and delete your personal data. we have provided these
rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy
rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to
receive a lesser degree of service from apple. apple does not sell your data
including as “sale” is defined in nevada and california.

**to exercise your privacy rights and choices, visit the apple privacy portal
at**[privacy.apple.com](https://privacy.apple.com) **for apple
or**[shazam.com/privacy](https://shazam.com/privacy) **for shazam.** to help
protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account
and your identity will be verified. if the privacy portal is not available in
your region, you can make privacy rights requests at
[apple.com/legal/privacy/contact](https://apple.com/legal/privacy/contact).

there may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if
you ask us to delete your transaction data and apple is legally obligated to
keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. we may also decline to
grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for
anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an
account that is being investigated for security concerns. other reasons your
privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is
frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical.

_if you live in california,_ if you cannot access apple’s privacy portal, you
or your authorized agent can make a request at
[apple.com/legal/privacy/contact](https://apple.com/legal/privacy/contact) or
by calling 1-800-275-2273.

for more information on exercising your rights, visit
[support.apple.com/ht208501](https://support.apple.com/ht208501).

  * ## personal data apple collects from you

at apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. this
means that we strive to **collect only the personal data that we need**. the
personal data apple collects depends on how you interact with apple.
descriptions of how apple handles personal data for certain individual
services are available at
[apple.com/legal/privacy/data](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data).

when you create an apple id, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or
activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class
at an apple store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social
media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with apple, we
may collect a variety of information, including:

    * **account information.** your apple id and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
    * **device information.** data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
    * **contact information**. data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
    * **payment information.** data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
    * **transaction information.** data about purchases of apple products and services or transactions facilitated by apple, including purchases on apple platforms
    * **fraud prevention information.** data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
    * **usage data.** data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
    * [location information](https://developer.apple.com/support/app-privacy-on-the-app-store) **.** precise location only to support find my, and coarse location
    * **health information.** data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. if you participate in a study using an apple health research study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the [apple health study apps privacy policy](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/apple-health-studies/).
    * **fitness information.** details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
    * **financial information.** details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to apple-branded financial offerings
    * **government id data.** in certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued id in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
    * **other information you provide to us.** details such as the content of your communications with apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels  


you are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested.
however, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to
provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.

  * ## personal data apple receives from other sources

apple may receive personal data about you from other **individuals** , from
businesses or third parties acting **at your direction** , from our
**partners** who work with us to provide our products and services and assist
us in security and fraud prevention, and from other **** lawful sources.

    * **individuals.** apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an apple service or forum, or shared content with you. 
    * **at your direction.** you may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with apple. for example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for apple purchases. 
    * **apple partners.** we may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an apple id, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.  


for research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that
contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an
identifiable person. when acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with
applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is
hosted. when using such datasets for research and development, we do not
attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.

  * ## apple’s use of personal data

**apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your
transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and
to comply with law. we may also use personal data for other purposes with your
consent.  **

**apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do
so.** depending on the circumstance, apple may rely on your consent or the
fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect
your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. we may
also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’
legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and
expectations. if you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the
data protection officer at
[apple.com/legal/privacy/contact](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/contact/).

    * **power our services.** apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to personalize or improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. for example, if you would like to access a song through an apple music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
    * **process your transactions.** to process transactions, apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
    * **communicate with you.** to respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. from time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. because this information is important to your interaction with apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices. 
    * **security and fraud prevention.** to protect individuals, employees, and apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
    * **comply with law.** to comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.  


apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would
significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review.

**apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the
purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this privacy
policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law.** we
will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the
purposes outlined in this privacy policy and our service-specific privacy
summaries. when assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine
whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if
retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest
possible period permissible under law.

  * ## apple’s sharing of personal data

apple may share personal data with **service providers** who act on our
behalf, our **partners** , or others **at your direction**. further, apple
does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing
purposes.

    * **service providers.** apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as delivering products to customers. apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this privacy policy and according to our instructions. they cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they've fulfilled our request.
    * **partners.** at times, apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. for example, apple financial offerings like apple card and apple cash are offered by apple and our partners. apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
    * **others.** apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. we may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. we may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.   


if you purchase a subscription in a third-party app or within apple news, we
create a subscriber id that is unique to you and the developer or publisher.
the subscriber id may be used to provide reports to the developer or
publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and
your country of residence. if you cancel all of your subscriptions with a
particular developer or publisher, the subscriber id will reset after 180 days
if you do not resubscribe. this information is provided to developers so that
they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.

  * ## protection of personal data at apple

at apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. we use
**administrative, technical, and physical safeguards** to protect your
personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the
processing, and the threats posed. we are constantly working to improve on
these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. for more information,
visit our [apple platform
security](https://support.apple.com/guide/security/welcome/web) guide.

  * ## children and personal data

apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of
children, which we consider to be an **individuals under the age of 13 or the
equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction**. that is why apple
has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children's
personal data safe.

to access certain apple services, a child must have a child apple id. a child
apple id may be created by the **parent** or, in the case of a managed apple
id, by the **child's educational institution**.

    * **parents.** to create a child account, parents must review the [family privacy disclosure for children](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/parent-disclosure/), which describes how apple handles children's personal data. if they agree, the parent must provide apple with a verifiable parental consent. 
    * **educational institutions.** educational institutions that participate in the apple school manager program may also create apple ids for students, called "managed apple ids.” these schools are required to agree to the [managed apple ids for students disclosure](https://www.apple.com/legal/education/apple-school-manager/) which is included as exhibit a to the apple school manager agreement.  


if we learn that a child's personal data was collected without appropriate
authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.

**to exercise privacy rights for your child's information, visit the apple
privacy portal at**[privacy.apple.com](https://privacy.apple.com) **and sign
in to their account.**

  * ## cookies and other technologies

apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, email messages,
and advertisements may use [“cookies” and other
technologies](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/cookies/) such as
pixel tags and web beacons. **these technologies help us to better understand
user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us
which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure
the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.**

    * **communications cookies.** these cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
    * **strictly necessary cookies.** these cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. for example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your bag when shopping online at apple.com. 
    * **other cookies.** these cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.   


if you prefer that apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to
disable their use. if you want to disable cookies and you’re using the safari
web browser, choose “block all cookies” in safari’s privacy settings. if you
are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to
disable cookies. certain features of the apple website may not be available if
all cookies are disabled.

in addition to cookies, apple uses other technologies that help us achieve
similar objectives.

in some email messages apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through url”
that links you to content on the apple website. when you click one of these
urls, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination
page on our website. we track this click-through to help us determine interest
in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you
effectively. if you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click
graphic or text links in email messages.

pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format that you can read, and
they tell us whether mail has been opened. we may use this data to reduce or
eliminate messages sent to customers.

**apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar
technologies as nonpersonal data.** however, to the extent that internet
protocol (ip) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by
local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data. in addition,
apple sometimes combines nonpersonal data collected from these technologies
with other personal data apple holds. when we combine data in this way, we
treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this privacy policy.

ads that are delivered by apple’s advertising platform may appear in apple
news or the stocks app and in the app store. if you do not want to receive ads
targeted to your interests from apple's advertising platform in those apps,
you can choose to disable personalized ads, which will opt your apple id out
of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. on your ios or
ipados device, you can disable personalized ads by going to settings > privacy
> apple advertising and tapping to turn off personalized ads. on your mac, you
can disable personalized ads by choosing apple menu > system preferences >
security & privacy, clicking privacy, clicking advertising, and deselecting
personalized ads. you may still see ads in the app store or apple news based
on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. if you
disable allow apps to request to track, third-party apps cannot request to use
the advertising identifier, a non personal identifier served by the operating
system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other
companies.

  * ## transfer of personal data between countries

apple products and offerings connect you to the world. to make that possible,
**your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the
world.** apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between
countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.

**the apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on
where you live.** for example, retail store information is controlled by
individual retail entities in each country and apple media services-related
personal data may be controlled by various apple entities as reflected in the
terms of service. if you do not reside in the u.s., your personal data may be
processed by apple inc. on behalf of the apple entity controlling personal
data for your jurisdiction. for example, imagery and associated data collected
by apple around the world to improve apple maps and to support our look around
feature is transferred to apple inc. in california.

personal data relating to individuals in the european economic area, the
united kingdom, and switzerland is controlled by apple distribution
international limited in ireland. apple's international transfer of personal
data collected in the european economic area, the united kingdom, and
switzerland is governed by [standard contractual
clauses](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-
protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-
clauses-scc_en). apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in
participating asia-pacific economic cooperation (apec) countries abides by the
[apec cross-border privacy rules (cbpr)
system](http://www.apec.org/groups/committee-on-trade-and-
investment/~/media/files/groups/ecsg/cbpr/cbpr-policiesrulesguidelines.ashx)
and [privacy recognition for processors (prp)
system](https://www.apec.org/~/media/files/groups/ecsg/2015/apec%20prp%20rules%20and%20guidelines.pdf)
for the transfer of personal data. if you have questions or unresolved
concerns about our apec cbpr or prp certifications, contact our [third-party
dispute resolution provider](https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request).

  * ## our companywide commitment to your privacy

to make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and
security guidelines to apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards
within the company.

  * ## privacy questions

**if you have questions about apple’s privacy policy or privacy practices,
would like to contact our data protection officer, or would like to submit a
complaint, you can contact us
at**[apple.com/legal/privacy/contact](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/contact/)
**or call the**[apple support number](https://support.apple.com/ht201232)
**for your country or region.** you can also ask us questions about how to
submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.

apple takes your privacy questions seriously. a dedicated team reviews your
inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern,
including those inquiries received in response to an access or download
request. in most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within
seven days. in other cases, we may require additional information or let you
know that we need more time to respond.

where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of
privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next
reasonable opportunity. in the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a
negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that
with you or that other person.

if you are not satisfied with apple’s response, you may refer your complaint
to the applicable regulator. if you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you
with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to
your circumstances.

when there is a material change to this privacy policy, we’ll post a notice on
this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly
about the change if we have your data on file.

apple inc. one apple park way, cupertino, california, usa, 95014

[![truste](//privacy-policy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/seal?rid=1580fe3d-f313-4354-8fa1-008e083ce49e)](//privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=1580fe3d-f313-4354-8fa1-008e083ce49e)

## apple footer

[  apple ](https://www.apple.com)

  1. [ legal](/legal/)
  2. [ privacy policy](/legal/privacy/)
  3. apple privacy policy

### hardware and software

open menu close menu

  * [hardware warranties](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software license agreements](/legal/sla/)
  * [rf exposure](/legal/rfexposure/)

### more resources

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/more-resources/)
  * [government information requests](https://www.apple.com/privacy/government-information-requests/)
  * [contact apple legal](/legal/contact/)
  * [global trade compliance](/legal/more-resources/gtc.html)
  * [supplier provisions](/legal/more-resources/supplier-provisions.html)
  * [filemaker legal information](http://www.filemaker.com/company/legal/trademark_guidelines.html)

### sales & support

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [applecare](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [repair terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/repair/)
  * [express replacement service](/legal/sales-support/terms/iphonears/)
  * [remote support terms and conditions](https://images.apple.com/legal/sales-support/applecare/docs/remotesupport_terms.pdf)
  * [sales policies](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [certification agreements and policies](/legal/sales-support/certification/)
  * [training service terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/training/trainingservice.html)
  * [support communities terms of use](https://discussions.apple.com/terms)

### internet services

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [apple media services terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/)
  * [itunes gift cards and codes terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/giftcards/)
  * [game center terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/)
  * [icloud terms of service](/legal/internet-services/icloud/)
  * [testflight terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/testflight/)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy/)
  * [website terms of use](/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html)

### intellectual property

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [guidelines for using apple trademarks and copyrights](/legal/intellectual-property/guidelinesfor3rdparties.html)
  * [trademarks](/legal/intellectual-property/trademark/appletmlist.html)
  * [rights and permissions](/legal/contact/rights-permissions.html)
  * [piracy prevention](/legal/intellectual-property/piracy.html)
  * [unsolicited idea submission policy](/legal/intellectual-property/policies/ideas.html)

### education

open menu close menu

  * [apple school manager](/legal/education/apple-school-manager/)

###  enterprise

open menu close menu

  * [apple business manager](/legal/enterprise/apple-business-manager/)
  * [data transfer agreements](/legal/enterprise/datatransfer/)

more ways to shop: [find an apple store](/retail/) or [other
retailer](https://locate.apple.com/) near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.

[united states](/choose-country-region/ "choose your country or region")

copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved.

[privacy policy](/legal/privacy/) [terms of use](/legal/internet-
services/terms/site.html) [sales and
refunds](/us/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds) [legal](/legal/) [site
map](/sitemap/)

