  * global nav open menu global nav close menu
  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

[ search apple.com cancel ](/us/search)

  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ mac ](/mac/)
  * [ ipad ](/ipad/)
  * [ iphone ](/iphone/)
  * [ watch ](/watch/)
  * [ tv ](/tv/)
  * [ music ](/music/)
  * [ support ](https://support.apple.com)
  * [](/us/search)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

cancel

[ privacy ](/privacy/)

local nav open menu local nav close menu

  * [overview](/privacy/)
  * [features](/privacy/features/)
  * control
  * [transparency report](/legal/transparency/)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy/en-ww/)

# you have control over what you share.

privacy is built in from the beginning, from the moment you open your new
device to every time you use an app. here are a few things to know so you can
be even more secure.

## learn about privacy settings and controls.

settings have been carefully designed to put you in control of your data. you
can adjust what information is shared, where you share it, and when it is
backed up. and starting with ios 14 and ipados 14, you’re more in control of
how apps use your personal data to track you.

[view a day in the life of your data
(pdf)](/privacy/docs/a_day_in_the_life_of_your_data.pdf)

new

### privacy information on the app store

starting in december 2020, product pages on the app store feature a new
section that provides developers’ self‑reported summaries of some of their
privacy practices in a simple, easy‑to‑read format. this shows how developers
are collecting and using your data, including information like your location,
browsing history, and contacts. this is part of ongoing work to increase
transparency and control over your data, and apple will continue to update
this feature and work with developers to ensure that users can make informed
choices.

[learn more about privacy information on the app
store](https://support.apple.com/kb/ht211970)

coming soon

### app tracking controls and transparency

your devices carry the story of your life. we believe you should have a choice
in how apps track and share your data with other companies for advertising or
with data brokers.

starting in early 2021, apps will be required to ask your permission when they
want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. you’ll be
able to change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for
permission entirely in settings.

### third-party apps and permissions

apple gives you transparency and control over the data you share with apps.
apps may request access to things such as your location, contacts, calendars,
or photos. you’ll receive a prompt with an explanation the first time a third-
party app wants to use this data, so you can make an informed decision about
granting permission. even if you grant access once, you can always change it
later in settings. starting in early 2021, ios 14 and ipados 14 will also
require developers to get your permission before tracking you or your device
across apps and websites owned by other companies for targeted ads or ad
measurement purposes, or to share your data with data brokers.

no app can access the microphone or camera without your permission. in ios 14
and ipados 14, when an app uses the microphone or camera, your device displays
an indicator to let you know they are being used –– whether you are in the
app, in another app, or on the home screen. and control center shows you when
an app has recently used the microphone or camera. in ios and ipados, access
to the camera is disabled for an app when it is in the background.

sometimes apps need to know what other devices are on your local network, like
when you’re trying to connect to a smart tv or printer. starting with ios 14
and ipados 14, apps need to ask your permission before scanning your local
network.

ios 14 and ipados 14 also let you know when an app accesses your clipboard, so
you can confirm that it receives access to only the items you expect.

### data and privacy information

data and privacy information screens make it easy to understand how apple will
use your personal information before you sign in or start using new features.
when you see the data and privacy icon, you’ll find helpful information on
what personal data may be shared and how it will be used to improve your
experience.

### location data

sometimes it’s useful for your device to know your location, like when you’re
setting up meetings in calendar or getting directions. location services on
your device uses a combination of gps, bluetooth, and crowd-sourced wi-fi
hotspots and mobile towers to figure out where you are. apple gives you
control over the collection and use of this location data on all your devices.
with ios 14, ipados 14, and watchos 7, you can choose whether apps have access
to your approximate location — an area of about 10 square miles — rather than
your precise location. location services is not on by default. you can enable
it when you first set up your device, and you can always turn it off if you
change your mind.

[view the location services privacy white paper
(pdf)](/privacy/docs/location_services_white_paper_nov_2019.pdf)

### data and privacy page

to give you more control over your personal information, we provide a set of
dedicated privacy management tools on your data and privacy page. these tools
give you the ability to get a copy of your data, request a correction to your
data, deactivate your account, or delete your account.

[learn more about taking control of your data](https://support.apple.com/en-
us/ht208501) [visit your data and privacy page](https://privacy.apple.com/)

### analytics

if you choose to opt in, your ios and ipados devices can collect analytics
about your device and any paired apple watch and send it to apple for
analysis. this analysis helps apple improve products and reduce problems like
apps crashing. the collected information does not identify you personally and
can be sent to apple only with your explicit consent. analytics may include
details about hardware and operating system specifications, performance
statistics, and data about how you use your devices and applications. when
it’s collected, personal data is either not logged at all, removed from
reports before they’re sent to apple, or protected by techniques such as
differential privacy.

the information we gather using differential privacy helps us improve our
services without compromising individual privacy. for example, this technology
improves quicktype and emoji suggestions, as well as lookup hints in notes.

we identify commonly used data types in the health app and web domains in
safari that cause performance issues. this information allows us to work with
developers to improve your experience without revealing anything about your
individual behavior.

if you give your explicit consent to share icloud analytics, apple can improve
siri and other intelligent features by analyzing how you use icloud data from
your account, such as text snippets from email messages. analysis happens only
after the data has gone through privacy-enhancing techniques like differential
privacy so that it cannot be associated with you or your account.

### advertising

apple is committed to delivering advertising in a way that respects your
privacy. apple‑delivered ads may appear on the app store, apple news, and
stocks. the apple advertising platform does not track you, nor does it buy or
share your personal information with other companies. your apple pay
transactions, health app data, and homekit app data are not used by the apple
advertising platform to deliver ads. your app store search and download
history may be used to to serve you relevant ads. in the apple news and stocks
apps, ads are served based partly on what you read or follow. this includes
the topics and categories of the stories you read and the publications you
follow, subscribe to, or enable notifications from. the stories you read are
not used to serve targeted ads to you outside these apps. you can view the
information apple uses to deliver relevant ads to you in settings. you can
also turn off personalized ads at any time in settings to stop receiving
targeted ads on the app store, apple news, and stocks. turning off
personalized ads will limit apple’s ability to deliver relevant ads to you but
may not reduce the number of ads you receive. the apple advertising platform
doesn’t serve ads to children under 13 years old and managed apple ids. in
addition, apple has strong guidelines for apps in the kids category of the app
store, including prohibiting apps in the category from including third-party
analytics or third-party advertising.

## secure your devices.

prevent anyone except you from using your devices and accessing your
information.

### six-digit passcodes

setting a passcode is the most important thing you can do to safeguard your
device. the passcode on your touch id– or face id–enabled device is
automatically set to six digits, creating a million possible combinations. you
can also enable erase data in settings to have your device wipe itself clean
after 10 incorrect guesses.

[learn more about protecting your device with a
passcode](https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht204060)

### touch id and face id

touch id and face id provide intuitive and secure authentication with the
touch of a finger or a simple glance. your fingerprint or face data is
converted into a mathematical representation that is encrypted and used only
by the secure enclave in your mac, ipad, or iphone. since fingerprint and face
data is so personal, your device takes extraordinary measures to protect it.
this data can’t be accessed by the operating system on your device or by any
applications running on it. and it is never stored on apple servers or backed
up to icloud or anywhere else.

[learn more about apple platform
security](https://support.apple.com/guide/security/)

### two-factor authentication

two-factor authentication is the best way to keep your information safe
because it adds a second layer of security to your apple id. it’s designed to
ensure that even someone who knows your password can’t access your account.
when you sign in on a new device or from the web, a verification code will be
displayed automatically on all your trusted devices. enter this code along
with your password and you’ll be signed in. anyone who can’t provide both your
password and the verification code will be kept out. once signed in, you won’t
be asked for a verification code on that device again unless you sign out
completely, erase the device, or need to change your password for security
reasons.

[learn how to set up two-factor authentication](https://support.apple.com/en-
us/ht204915)

### find my

enabling find my for iphone, ipad, and mac helps keep you connected to your
device even if it’s lost or stolen, and find my is built in a way that
protects your privacy. it’s enabled automatically when you sign in to icloud
on a new device. you can see where your device is on a map — and where it has
been — so you improve your chances of recovering it. if you’re unable to get
your device back, you can remotely erase the personal data on it. apple
receives this location information only when you locate your device, turn on
lost mode, or enable send last location. location data is only retained for 24
hours so we can display the last known location of your device. find my also
automatically turns on activation lock, which requires your apple id to be
entered before anyone can erase or reactivate your device.

## more ways to keep your data safe.

keep an eye out for fraudulent attempts to acquire your personal information.

### pay attention to notifications.

when you sign in for the first time on a new device, update your payment
method, change your password, or make other changes to your account, apple
notifies you with an email or a push notification. so if you receive a
notification from us about a change that you don’t remember making, it could
mean that someone has wrongfully accessed your account. if that happens, go to
“manage your apple id” to change your password immediately. if you need
additional help, contact apple support for assistance.

[change your apple id password](https://support.apple.com/kb/ht5624) [contact
apple id support](https://support.apple.com/apple-id)

### beware of phishing.

“phishing” refers to fraudulent attempts to get personal information from you,
such as your apple id password or credit card information, usually through an
email or text message. the request may appear to be from a legitimate company
or individual, but it’s not. turning on two-factor authentication is the best
way to protect yourself against phishing schemes designed to trick you into
revealing your apple id account credentials. never provide your password,
verification codes, or any other sensitive account information over email or
text messages. if you receive what you believe to be a phishing email
purporting to be from apple, send it to
[reportphishing@apple.com](mailto:reportphishing@apple.com).

[learn more about protecting yourself from phishing](/legal/more-
resources/phishing/)

## learn more about privacy at apple.

  * [review privacy features](/privacy/features/)
  * [go to privacy overview](/privacy/)

## apple footer

[  apple ](/)

  1. [privacy](/privacy/)
  2. control

### shop and learn

open menu close menu

  * [mac](/mac/)
  * [ipad](/ipad/)
  * [iphone](/iphone/)
  * [watch](/watch/)
  * [tv](/tv/)
  * [music](/music/)
  * [airpods](/airpods/)
  * [homepod](/homepod/)
  * [ipod touch](/ipod-touch/)
  * [accessories](/us/shop/goto/buy_accessories)
  * [gift cards](/us/shop/goto/giftcards)

### services

open menu close menu

  * [apple music](/apple-music/)
  * [apple tv+](/apple-tv-plus/)
  * [apple fitness+](/apple-fitness-plus/)
  * [apple news+](/apple-news/)
  * [apple arcade](/apple-arcade/)
  * [icloud](/icloud/)
  * [apple one](/apple-one/)
  * [apple card](/apple-card/)
  * [apple books](/apple-books/)
  * [app store](/app-store/)

### account

open menu close menu

  * [manage your apple id](https://appleid.apple.com/us/)
  * [apple store account](/us/shop/goto/account)
  * [icloud.com](https://www.icloud.com)

### apple store

open menu close menu

  * [find a store](/retail/)
  * [shop online](/us/shop/goto/shop)
  * [genius bar](/retail/geniusbar/)
  * [today at apple](/today/)
  * [apple camp](/today/camp/)
  * [apple store app](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/apple-store/id375380948)
  * [refurbished and clearance](/us/shop/goto/special_deals)
  * [financing](/us/shop/goto/payment_plan)
  * [apple trade in](/us/shop/goto/trade_in)
  * [order status](/us/shop/goto/order/list)
  * [shopping help](/us/shop/goto/help)

### for business

open menu close menu

  * [apple and business](/business/)
  * [shop for business](/retail/business/)

### for education

open menu close menu

  * [apple and education](/education/)
  * [shop for k-12](/education/k12/how-to-buy/)
  * [shop for college](/us/shop/goto/educationrouting)

### for healthcare

open menu close menu

  * [apple in healthcare](/healthcare/)
  * [health on apple watch](/healthcare/apple-watch/)
  * [health records on iphone](/healthcare/health-records/)

### for government

open menu close menu

  * [shop for government](/r/store/government/)
  * [shop for veterans and military](/us/shop/goto/eppstore/veteransandmilitary)

### apple values

open menu close menu

  * [accessibility](/accessibility/)
  * [education](/education/connected/)
  * [environment](/environment/)
  * [inclusion and diversity](/diversity/)
  * [privacy](/privacy/)
  * [racial equity and justice](/racial-equity-justice-initiative/)
  * [supplier responsibility](/supplier-responsibility/)

### about apple

open menu close menu

  * [newsroom](/newsroom/)
  * [apple leadership](/leadership/)
  * [job opportunities](/jobs/us/)
  * [investors](https://investor.apple.com/)
  * [ethics & compliance](/compliance/)
  * [events](/apple-events/)
  * [contact apple](/contact/)

more ways to shop: [find an apple store](/retail/) or [other
retailer](https://locate.apple.com/) near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.

[united states](/choose-country-region/ "choose your country or region")

copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved.

[privacy policy](/legal/privacy/) [terms of use](/legal/internet-
services/terms/site.html) [sales and
refunds](/us/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds) [legal](/legal/) [site
map](/sitemap/)

