  * global nav open menu global nav close menu
  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

[ search apple.com cancel ](/us/search)

  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ mac ](/mac/)
  * [ ipad ](/ipad/)
  * [ iphone ](/iphone/)
  * [ watch ](/watch/)
  * [ tv ](/tv/)
  * [ music ](/music/)
  * [ support ](https://support.apple.com)
  * [](/us/search)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

cancel

[legal](/legal/)

open menu close menu

  * [hardware](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software](/legal/sla/)
  * [sales & support](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [internet services](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [intellectual property](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [more resources](/legal/more-resources/)

    

# terms and conditions

    

    

game center

the legal agreement (“agreement”) set out below governs your use of the game
center service. it is important that you read and understand the following
terms. by clicking "agree," you are agreeing that these terms will apply if
you choose to access or use the service. if you are under the age of majority,
you should review this agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure
that you and your parent or guardian understand it.

apple inc. is the provider of the game center service (the “service”), which
permits you to engage in game related activities, including, but not limited
to, participation in leader boards, multi-player games, and tracking
achievements. the service may not be available in all areas. use of the
service requires compatible devices, internet access, and certain software
(fees may apply); may require periodic updates; and may be affected by the
performance of these factors.

to use the service, you cannot be a person barred from receiving the service
under the laws of the united states or other applicable jurisdictions,
including the country in which you reside or from where you use the service.
by accepting this agreement, you represent that you understand and agree to
the foregoing.

your account

as a registered user of the service, you may establish an account ("account")
in accordance with the usage rules, below. don’t reveal your account
information to anyone else. you are solely responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality and security of your account and for all activities that occur
on or through your account, and you agree to immediately notify apple of any
security breach of your account. apple shall not be responsible for any losses
arising out of the unauthorized use of your account.

you agree to provide accurate and complete information when you register with,
and as you use, the service, and you agree to update your registration data to
keep it accurate and complete. you agree that apple may store and use your
registration data to maintain your account. you may not create an account for
anyone other than yourself without that person’s permission.

usage rules

you agree to use the service in compliance with these usage rules. apple
reserves the right to modify the usage rules at any time.

you are authorized to use the service only for personal, noncommercial use.

you agree not to, or attempt or assist another person to, violate, circumvent,
reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise tamper with the
service.

you agree that you will not use the service to:

a. upload, download, post, email, transmit, store or otherwise make available
any content that is unlawful, harassing, threatening, harmful, tortious,
defamatory, libelous, abusive, violent, obscene, vulgar, invasive of another’s
privacy, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or otherwise
objectionable;

b. stalk, harass, threaten or harm another;

c. if you are an adult, request personal or other information from a minor
(any person under the age of 18 or such other age as local law defines as a
minor) who is not personally known to you, including but not limited to any of
the following: full name or last name, home address, zip/postal code,
telephone number, picture, email address, or the names of the minor's school,
church, athletic team or friends;

d. pretend to be anyone, or any entity, you are not — you may not impersonate
or misrepresent yourself as another person (including celebrities), entity,
another service participant, an apple employee, or a civic or government
leader, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity,
(apple reserves the right to reject or block any nickname which could be
deemed to be an impersonation or misrepresentation of your identity, or a
misappropriation of another person's name or identity);

e. engage in any copyright infringement or other intellectual property
infringement, or disclose any trade secret or confidential information in
violation of a confidentiality, employment, or nondisclosure agreement;

f. post, send, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or
unauthorized email messages, advertising, promotional materials, junk mail,
spam, or chain letters, including, without limitation, bulk commercial
advertising and informational announcements;

g. forge any tcp-ip packet header or any part of the header information in an
email or a news group posting, or otherwise put information in a header
designed to mislead recipients as to the origin of any content transmitted
through the service (“spoofing");

h. upload, post, email, transmit, store or otherwise make available any
material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs
designed to harm, interfere with or limit the normal operation of the service
(or any part thereof), or any other computer software or hardware;

i. interfere with or disrupt the service (including accessing the service
through any automated means, like scripts or web crawlers), or any servers or
networks connected to the service, or any policies, requirements or
regulations of networks connected to the service (including any unauthorized
access to, use or monitoring of data or traffic thereon);

j. plan or engage in any illegal activity; and/or gather and store personal
information on any other users of the service to be used in connection with
any of the foregoing prohibited activities;

k. cheat or otherwise modify the service or the game experience to effect an
advantage for one player over another.

privacy

the service is subject to apple's privacy policy at
[https://www.apple.com/privacy](/privacy). as set out in the privacy policy,
when you use the service, such as inviting other users to join the service,
participating in leader boards, enabling invitations or multiplayer
functionality, or displaying status messages, the personal information you
share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them.
you are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit. when
playing a game that supports multiplayer functionality, other users accessing
the service from within the same game on the same wi-fi network, local area
network or within range of bluetooth will be able to see that you are nearby
(unless you turn this feature off), and see your nickname and photo, or full
profile if you have a friend relationship with such user. if you choose to
have your public profile set to “on”, other users of the service can see your
full profile, including your full name, activity (such as the games you have
played and when you played them), scores, and achievements, and you can be
recommended as a friend to other users. if your public profile is set to
“off”, only users with whom you have established a friend relationship can see
your full profile, and you will not be recommended to others; only your
nickname and photo will be visible to users who are not friends. if you send
or receive a friend request, the full name associated with your apple id will
be shared with those users to whom you send, or from whom you accept, a friend
request, and apple may recommend games that you have played to your friends.

if you wish to stop sharing information with other users and the service, see
[https://www.apple.com/support/](/support/).

some aspects of the service are not available to children under 13, such as
features that allow users to disclose personally identifiable information.
please enable restrictions as appropriate.

submissions to the service

the service may offer interactive features that allow you to submit materials
(including links to third-party content) on areas of the service accessible
and viewable by the public. you agree that any use by you of such features,
including any materials submitted by you, shall be your sole responsibility,
shall not infringe or violate the rights of any other party or violate any
laws, contribute to or encourage infringing or otherwise unlawful conduct, or
otherwise be obscene, objectionable or in poor taste. you also agree that you
have obtained all necessary rights and licenses to make such submissions. you
agree to provide accurate and complete information in connection with your
submission of any materials on the service. you hereby grant apple a
worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use such materials as part
of the service or in providing or marketing the service, without any
compensation or obligation to you. apple reserves the right to not post or
publish any materials and to remove or edit any material, at any time in its
sole discretion without notice or liability.

apple has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any materials
submitted by you or otherwise available on the service, to investigate any
reported or apparent violation of this agreement, and to take any action that
apple in its sole discretion deems appropriate, including, without limitation,
termination hereunder or under our copyright policy
([https://www.apple.com/legal/copyright.html](/legal/copyright.html)).

third-party materials

certain content, and services available via the service may include materials
from third parties. apple may provide links to third-party web sites as a
convenience to you. you agree that apple is not responsible for examining or
evaluating the content or accuracy and apple does not warrant and will not
have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or web
sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. you
agree that you will not use any third-party materials in a manner that would
infringe or violate the rights of any other party and that apple is not in any
way responsible for any such use by you.

objectionable material

you understand that by using the service, you may encounter material that you
may deem to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may
not be identified as having explicit material. nevertheless, you agree to use
the service at your sole risk and apple shall have no liability to you for
material that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
ratings and descriptions are provided for convenience, and you agree that
apple does not guarantee their accuracy.

intellectual property

you agree that the service, including but not limited to graphics, user
interface, audio clips, video clips, editorial content, and the scripts and
software used to implement the service, contains proprietary information and
material that is owned by apple and/or its licensors, and is protected by
applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to
copyright. you agree that you will not use such proprietary information or
materials in any way whatsoever except for use of the service in compliance
with this agreement. no portion of the service may be reproduced in any form
or by any means, except as expressly permitted in these terms. you agree not
to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works
based on the service, in any manner, and you shall not exploit the service in
any unauthorized way whatsoever, including, but not limited to, by trespass or
burdening network capacity.

notwithstanding any other provision of this agreement, apple and its licensors
reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any
products, content, or other materials comprising a part of the service at any
time without notice. in no event will apple be liable for making these
changes. apple may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain
features or portions of the service, in any case and without notice or
liability.

all copyrights in and to the service (including the compilation of content,
postings, links to other internet resources, and descriptions of those
resources) and related software are owned by apple and/or its licensors, who
reserve all their rights in law and equity. the use of the software or any
part of the service, except for use of the service as permitted in this
agreement, is strictly prohibited and infringes on the intellectual property
rights of others and may subject you to civil and criminal penalties,
including possible monetary damages, for copyright infringement.

apple, the apple logo, and other apple trademarks, service marks, graphics,
and logos used in connection with the service are trademarks or registered
trademarks of apple inc. in the u.s. and/or other countries. other trademarks,
service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with the service may be
the trademarks of their respective owners. you are granted no right or license
with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks and any use of such
trademarks.

termination

if you fail, or apple suspects that you have failed, to comply with any of the
provisions of this agreement, apple, at its sole discretion, without notice to
you may: (i) terminate this agreement and/or your account; and/or (ii)
terminate the license to the service; and/or (iii) preclude access to the
service (or any part thereof).

apple reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the service (or
any part or content thereof) at any time with or without notice to you, and
apple will not be liable to you or to any third party should it exercise such
rights.

disclaimer of warranties; liability limitation

apple does not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your use of the service
will be uninterrupted or error-free, and you agree that from time to time
apple may remove the service for indefinite periods of time, or cancel the
service at any time, without notice to you.

you expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at
your sole risk. the service and all products and services delivered to you
through the service are (except as expressly stated by apple herein) provided
"as is" and "as available" for your use, without warranties of any kind,
either express or implied, including all implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and noninfringement.
because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties,
the above exclusion of implied warranties may not apply to you.

in no case shall apple, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
agents, contractors, or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages arising from your use
or inability to use the service or for any other claim related in any way to
your use of the service, including, but not limited to, any errors or
omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a
result of the use of any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or
otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their
possibility. because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion
or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in
such states or jurisdictions, apple's liability shall be limited to the extent
permitted by law.

apple shall use reasonable efforts to protect materials or information
submitted by you in connection with the service, but you agree that your
submission of such information is at your sole risk, and apple hereby
disclaims any and all liability to you for any loss or liability relating to
such information in any way.

apple does not represent or guarantee that the service will be free from loss,
corruption, attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security
intrusion, and apple disclaims any liability relating thereto.

waiver and indemnity

by using the service, you agree to indemnify and hold apple, its directors,
officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, and licensors harmless
with respect to any claims arising out of your breach of this agreement, your
use of the service, or any action taken by apple as part of its investigation
of a suspected violation of this agreement or as a result of its finding or
decision that a violation of this agreement has occurred. this means that you
cannot sue or recover any damages from apple, its directors, officers,
employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, and licensors as a result of its
decision to remove or refuse to process any information or content, to warn
you, to suspend or terminate your access to the service, or to take any other
action during the investigation of a suspected violation or as a result of
apple's conclusion that a violation of this agreement has occurred. this
waiver and indemnity provision applies to all violations described in,
resulting from, or contemplated by this agreement.

changes

apple reserves the right at any time to modify this agreement and to impose
new or additional terms or conditions on your use of the service. such
modifications and additional terms and conditions will be effective
immediately and incorporated into this agreement. your continued use of the
service will be deemed acceptance thereof.

miscellaneous

this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and apple and
governs your use of the service, superseding any prior agreements between you
and apple regarding the service. you also may be subject to additional terms
and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate services, third-party
content, or third-party software. if any part of this agreement is held
invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner
consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original
intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full
force and effect. apple's failure to enforce any right or provisions in this
agreement will not constitute a waiver of such or any other provision. apple
will not be responsible for failures to fulfill any obligations due to causes
beyond its control.

the service is operated by apple from its offices in the united states. you
agree to comply with all local, state, federal, and national laws, statutes,
ordinances, and regulations that apply to your use of the service. all
transactions on the service are governed by california law, without giving
effect to its conflict of law provisions. your use of the service may also be
subject to other laws. you expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any
claim or dispute with apple or relating in any way to your use of the service
resides in the courts of the state of california. risk of loss and title for
all electronically delivered transactions pass to the purchaser in california
upon electronic transmission to the recipient. no apple employee or agent has
the authority to vary this agreement.

apple may send you notice with respect to the service by sending an email
message to your account email address or a letter via postal mail to your
account mailing address, or by a posting on the service. notices shall become
effective immediately.

apple reserves the right to take steps apple believes are reasonably necessary
or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with any part of this
agreement. you agree that apple has the right, without liability to you, to
disclose any registration data and/or account information to law enforcement
authorities, government officials, and/or a third party, as apple believes is
reasonably necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with
any part of this agreement (including but not limited to apple's right to
cooperate with any legal process relating to your use of the service and/or
products, and/or a third-party claim that your use of the service and/or
products is unlawful and/or infringes such third party's rights).

last updated: september 15, 2013

## apple footer

[  apple ](https://www.apple.com)

  1. [ legal](/legal/)
  2. [ internet services](/legal/internet-services/)
  3. [ apple media services](/legal/internet-services/itunes/)
  4. game center

### hardware and software

open menu close menu

  * [hardware warranties](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software license agreements](/legal/sla/)
  * [rf exposure](/legal/rfexposure/)

### more resources

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/more-resources/)
  * [government information requests](https://www.apple.com/privacy/government-information-requests/)
  * [contact apple legal](/legal/contact/)
  * [global trade compliance](/legal/more-resources/gtc.html)
  * [supplier provisions](/legal/more-resources/supplier-provisions.html)
  * [filemaker legal information](http://www.filemaker.com/company/legal/trademark_guidelines.html)

### sales & support

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [applecare](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [repair terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/repair/)
  * [express replacement service](/legal/sales-support/terms/iphonears/)
  * [remote support terms and conditions](https://images.apple.com/legal/sales-support/applecare/docs/remotesupport_terms.pdf)
  * [sales policies](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [certification agreements and policies](/legal/sales-support/certification/)
  * [training service terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/training/trainingservice.html)
  * [support communities terms of use](https://discussions.apple.com/terms)

### internet services

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [apple media services terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/)
  * [itunes gift cards and codes terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/giftcards/)
  * [game center terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/)
  * [icloud terms of service](/legal/internet-services/icloud/)
  * [testflight terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/testflight/)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy/)
  * [website terms of use](/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html)

### intellectual property

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [guidelines for using apple trademarks and copyrights](/legal/intellectual-property/guidelinesfor3rdparties.html)
  * [trademarks](/legal/intellectual-property/trademark/appletmlist.html)
  * [rights and permissions](/legal/contact/rights-permissions.html)
  * [piracy prevention](/legal/intellectual-property/piracy.html)
  * [unsolicited idea submission policy](/legal/intellectual-property/policies/ideas.html)

### education

open menu close menu

  * [apple school manager](/legal/education/apple-school-manager/)

###  enterprise

open menu close menu

  * [apple business manager](/legal/enterprise/apple-business-manager/)
  * [data transfer agreements](/legal/enterprise/datatransfer/)

more ways to shop: [find an apple store](/retail/) or [other
retailer](https://locate.apple.com/) near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.

[united states](/choose-country-region/ "choose your country or region")

copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved.

[privacy policy](/legal/privacy/) [terms of use](/legal/internet-
services/terms/site.html) [sales and
refunds](/us/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds) [legal](/legal/) [site
map](/sitemap/)

