  * global nav open menu global nav close menu
  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

[ search apple.com cancel ](/us/search)

  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ mac ](/mac/)
  * [ ipad ](/ipad/)
  * [ iphone ](/iphone/)
  * [ watch ](/watch/)
  * [ tv ](/tv/)
  * [ music ](/music/)
  * [ support ](https://support.apple.com)
  * [](/us/search)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

cancel

[legal](/legal/)

open menu close menu

  * [hardware](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software](/legal/sla/)
  * [sales & support](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [internet services](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [intellectual property](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [more resources](/legal/more-resources/)

    

# apple media services terms and conditions

    

    

these terms and conditions create a contract between you and apple (the
“agreement”). please read the agreement carefully. to confirm your
understanding and acceptance of the agreement, click “agree.”

a. introduction to our services

this agreement governs your use of apple’s services (“services”), through
which you can buy, get, license, rent or subscribe to content, apps (as
defined below), and other in-app services (collectively, “content”). content
may be offered through the services by apple or a third party. our services
are available for your use in your country or territory of residence (“home
country”). by creating an account for use of the services in a particular
country or territory you are specifying it as your home country. to use our
services, you need compatible hardware, software (latest version recommended
and sometimes required) and internet access (fees may apply). our services’
performance may be affected by these factors.

b. using our services

payments, taxes, and refunds

you can acquire content on our services for free or for a charge, either of
which is referred to as a “transaction.” each transaction is an electronic
contract between you and apple, and/or you and the entity providing the
content on our services. however, if you are a customer of apple distribution
international ltd., apple distribution international ltd. is the merchant of
record for the content you acquire from certain services (e.g., apple books,
app store, etc.) as displayed on the product page and/or during the
acquisition process for the relevant service. in such case, you acquire the
content from apple distribution international ltd., which is licensed by the
content provider (e.g., app provider (as defined below), book publisher,
etc.). when you make your first transaction, we will ask you to choose how
frequently we should ask for your password for future transactions. if you
enable touch id for transactions, we will ask you to authenticate all
transactions with your fingerprint, and if you enable face id for
transactions, we will ask you to authenticate all transactions using facial
recognition. manage your password settings at any time by following these
instructions: <https://support.apple.com/ht204030>. apple will charge your
selected payment method (such as your credit card, debit card, gift card/code,
or other method available in your home country) for any paid transactions,
including any applicable taxes. if you have also added it to your apple
wallet, apple may charge your selected payment method in apple wallet using
apple pay. if we cannot charge your selected payment method for any reason
(such as expiration or insufficient funds), you remain responsible for any
uncollected amounts, and we will attempt to charge the payment method again as
you may update your payment method information. if you pre-order content, you
will be charged when the content is delivered to you (unless you cancel prior
to the content’s availability). in accordance with local law, apple may update
information regarding your selected payment method if provided such
information by your financial institution. for details about how transactions
are billed, please visit <http://support.apple.com/ht5582>. all transactions
are final. content prices may change at any time. if technical problems
prevent or unreasonably delay delivery of content, your exclusive and sole
remedy is either replacement of the content or refund of the price paid, as
determined by apple. from time to time, apple may refuse a refund request if
we find evidence of fraud, refund abuse, or other manipulative behavior that
entitles apple to a corresponding counterclaim. terms related to store credit
and gift cards/codes are available here:
<https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/giftcards/>.

account

using our services and accessing your content may require an apple id. an
apple id is the account you use across apple’s ecosystem. use of game center
is subject to this agreement and also requires a game center account. your
account is valuable, and you are responsible for maintaining its
confidentiality and security. apple is not responsible for any losses arising
from the unauthorized use of your account. please contact apple if you suspect
that your account has been compromised.

you must be age 13 (or equivalent minimum age in your home country, as set
forth in the registration process) to create an account and use our services.
apple ids for persons under this age can be created by a parent or legal
guardian using family sharing or by an approved educational institution.

privacy

your use of our services is subject to apple’s privacy policy, which is
available at <https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/>.

services and content usage rules

your use of the services and content must follow the rules set forth in this
section (“usage rules”). any other use of the services and content is a
material breach of this agreement. apple may monitor your use of the services
and content to ensure that you are following these usage rules.

all services:

\- you may use the services and content only for personal, noncommercial
purposes (except as set forth in the app store content section below).

\- apple’s delivery of services or content does not transfer any commercial or
promotional use rights to you, and does not constitute a grant or waiver of
any rights of the copyright owners.

\- you can use content from up to five different apple ids on each device.

\- for any service, you can have up to 10 devices (but only a maximum of 5
computers) signed in with your apple id at one time, though simultaneous
streams or downloads of content may be limited to a lower number of devices as
set out below under apple music and apple tv content. each computer must also
be authorized using the same apple id (to learn more about authorization of
computers, visit <https://support.apple.com/ht201251>). devices can be
associated with a different apple id once every 90 days.

\- manipulating play counts, downloads, ratings, or reviews via any means —
such as (i) using a bot, script, or automated process; or (ii) providing or
accepting any kind of compensation or incentive — is prohibited.

\- it is your responsibility not to lose, destroy, or damage content once
downloaded. we encourage you to back up your content regularly.

\- you may not tamper with or circumvent any security technology included with
the services.

\- you may access our services only using apple’s software, and may not modify
or use modified versions of such software.

\- video content requires an hdcp connection.

audio and video content sales and rentals:

\- you can use digital rights management (drm)-free content on a reasonable
number of compatible devices that you own or control. drm-protected content
can be used on up to five computers and any number of devices that you sync to
from those computers.

\- content rentals are viewable on a single device at a time, and must be
played within 30 days, and completed within 48 hours of the start of play
(stopping, pausing or restarting does not extend this period).

\- you may burn an audio playlist of purchased music to disc for listening
purposes up to seven times; this limitation does not apply to drm-free
content. other content may not be burned to disc.

app store content:

\- the term “apps” includes apps and app clips for any apple platform and/or
operating system, including any in-app purchases, extensions (such as
keyboards), stickers, and subscriptions made available in such apps or app
clips.

\- individuals acting on behalf of a commercial enterprise, governmental
organization or educational institution (an “enterprise”) may download and
sync non-arcade apps for use by either (i) a single individual on one or more
devices owned or controlled by an enterprise; or (ii) multiple individuals on
a single shared device owned or controlled by an enterprise. for the sake of
clarity, each device used serially or collectively by multiple users requires
a separate license.

apple music:

\- an individual apple music membership allows you to stream on a single
device at a time; a family membership allows you or your family members to
stream on up to six devices at a time.

apple arcade:

\- apple arcade apps may only be downloaded, or redownloaded, with a valid
apple arcade trial or subscription.

\- if your subscription ends, apps downloaded via apple arcade will no longer
be accessible to you.

apple tv content:

\- for most channels, you can stream content on up to three devices
simultaneously.

\- learn more about apple tv content usage rules at
<https://support.apple.com/ht210074>.

downloads

you may be limited in the amount of content you may download, and some
downloaded content may expire after a given amount of time after downloaded or
first played. certain content may not be available for download at all.

you may be able to redownload previously acquired content (“redownload”) to
your devices that are signed in with the same apple id (“associated devices”).
you can see content types available for redownload in your home country at
<https://support.apple.com/ht204632>. content may not be available for
redownload if that content is no longer offered on our services.

subscriptions

the services and certain apps may allow you to purchase access to content or
services on a subscription basis (“paid subscriptions”). paid subscriptions
automatically renew until cancelled in the manage subscriptions section of
your account settings. to learn more about cancelling your subscriptions,
visit <https://support.apple.com/ht202039>. we will notify you if the price of
a paid subscription increases and, if required, seek your consent to continue.
you will be charged no more than 24 hours prior to the start of the latest
paid subscription period. if we cannot charge your payment method for any
reason (such as expiration or insufficient funds), and you have not cancelled
the paid subscription, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts, and
we will attempt to charge the payment method as you may update your payment
method information. this may result in a change to the start of your next paid
subscription period and may change the date on which you are billed for each
period. we reserve the right to cancel your paid subscription if we are unable
to successfully charge your payment method to renew your subscription. certain
paid subscriptions may offer a free trial prior to charging your payment
method. if you decide to unsubscribe from a paid subscription before we start
charging your payment method, cancel the subscription at least 24 hours before
the free trial ends.

if you start a free trial to a paid subscription offered by apple as content
provider (an “apple paid subscription”) and cancel before it ends, you cannot
reactivate the free trial.

free trials or free offers to apple paid subscriptions, excluding icloud,
cannot be combined with any free trials or offers of apple one. if you are in
a free trial or free offer for any apple paid subscriptions, and you subscribe
to apple one, your free trial(s) or offer(s) will not be paused even if you
have access to such apple paid subscription(s) through your apple one
subscription. you acknowledge that your free trial or free offer may expire
while you are a paid subscriber to apple one, and apple shall have no
obligation to reinstate, reimburse, or otherwise compensate you for any part
of such expired free trial or free offer.

when your paid subscription to any service ends, you will lose access to any
functionality or content of that service that requires a paid subscription.

content and service availability

terms found in this agreement that relate to services, content types, features
or functionality not available in your home country are not applicable to you
unless and until they become available to you. to see the content types
available to you in your home country, go to the services or visit
<https://support.apple.com/ht204411>. certain services and content available
to you in your home country may not be available to you when traveling outside
of your home country.

third-party devices and equipment

if you use our services on a non-apple-branded device, you may not be able to
access all features or content types. terms in this agreement relating to
unavailable features or content types are not applicable to you. if you later
choose to access our services from an apple-branded device, you agree that all
terms of this agreement will apply to your use on such device. additionally,
certain services may require, direct, or suggest you use third-party equipment
in some circumstances and/or for certain activities; such use is subject to
the terms and conditions of such equipment and should be made in accordance
with the applicable manufacturer’s instructions.

c. your submissions to our services

our services may allow you to submit or post materials such as comments,
ratings and reviews, pictures, videos, and podcasts (including associated
metadata and artwork). your use of such features must comply with the
submissions guidelines below, which may be updated from time to time. if you
see materials that do not comply with the submissions guidelines, please use
the report a concern feature. you hereby grant apple a worldwide, royalty-
free, perpetual, nonexclusive license to use the materials you submit within
the services and related marketing, and apple internal purposes. apple may
monitor and decide to remove or edit any submitted material.

submissions guidelines: you may not use the services to:

\- post any materials that (i) you do not have permission, right or license to
use, or (ii) infringe on the rights of any third party;

\- post objectionable, offensive, unlawful, deceptive, inaccurate, or harmful
content;

\- post personal, private or confidential information belonging to others;

\- request personal information from a minor;

\- impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with another person, or
entity;

\- post or transmit spam, including but not limited to unsolicited or
unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, or informational
announcements;

\- post, modify, or remove a rating or review in exchange for any kind of
compensation or incentive;

\- post a fake rating or review;

\- plan or engage in any illegal, fraudulent, or manipulative activity.

d. family sharing

the organizer of a family (“organizer”) must be 18 years or older and the
parent or legal guardian of any family member under age 13 or the equivalent
minimum age in their home country (as set forth in the registration process).
apple devices are required for access to all of the family sharing features.

purchase sharing: family sharing’s purchase sharing feature allows you to
share eligible content among up to six members of a family. the organizer
invites other members to participate, and agrees to pay for all transactions
initiated by family members. the organizer's payment method is used to pay for
any transaction initiated by a family member (except when the family member’s
account has store credit, which is always used first). family members are
acting as agents for the organizer when the organizer’s payment method is
used. the organizer hereby agrees (1) to pay for such transactions, and (2)
that transactions initiated by family members are authorized. organizers are
responsible for complying with their payment method contract, and assume all
risk related to sharing access to the payment method with family members. a
receipt or invoice for any family member transaction is sent to the initiating
family member and the organizer.

ask to buy: ask to buy is a convenient feature that allows an organizer to
approve transactions initiated by a family member under age 18 (or the
equivalent age of majority in your home country). the organizer must be the
parent or legal guardian of any family member for whom ask to buy is
activated. content shared by family members or acquired via content codes may
not be subject to ask to buy.

family member changes: when a family member leaves or is removed from the
family, the remaining family members may no longer be able to access the
former member’s content, including content acquired with the organizer’s
payment method.

family sharing rules: you can only belong to one family at a time, and may
join any family no more than twice per year. you can change the apple id you
associate with a family no more than once every 90 days. all family members
must share the same home country. not all content, including in-app purchases,
subscriptions, and some previously acquired apps, are eligible for purchase
sharing. apple tv+, apple tv channels, apple one family, apple one premier,
apple music family, apple arcade, and apple news+ subscriptions are
automatically enabled for family sharing. subscriptions shared by a family may
be subject to content usage limitations on a per subscription basis.

e. personalized recommendation features

the services may recommend content to you based on your downloads, purchases
and other activities. you may opt out from receiving such personalized
recommendations for some services in your account settings.

some recommendation features may require your permission before they are
turned on. if you turn on these features, you will be asked to give apple
permission to collect and store certain data, including but not limited to
data about your device activity, location, and usage. please carefully read
the information presented when you turn on these features.

f. additional itunes store terms

season pass and multi-pass

a pass allows you to purchase and receive television content as it becomes
available. a season pass applies to television content that has a limited
number of episodes per season; a multi-pass applies to television content that
is available on an ongoing basis. the full price of a season pass or multi-
pass is charged at the time of the transaction. season pass or multi-pass
content is available for download up to 90 days after the last episode becomes
available. if automatic renewal is selected when you obtain a multi-pass, you
will be charged the full price of each subsequent multi-pass cycle. you can
turn off automatic renewal at least 24 hours prior to the beginning of the
next multi-pass cycle in your account settings. if a content provider delivers
to apple fewer tv episodes than planned when you purchased a season pass, we
will credit to your apple id the retail value of the corresponding number of
episodes that were not provided to apple.

g. additional app store terms (excluding apple arcade apps)

license of app store content

app licenses are provided to you by apple or a third party developer (“app
provider”). if you are a customer of apple distribution international ltd.,
the merchant of record is apple distribution international ltd., which means
that you acquire the app license from apple distribution international ltd.,
but the app is licensed by the app provider. an app licensed by apple is an
“apple app;” an app licensed by an app provider is a “third party app.” apple
acts as an agent for app providers in providing the app store and is not a
party to the sales contract or user agreement between you and the app
provider. any app that you acquire is governed by the licensed application end
user license agreement (“standard eula”) set forth below, unless apple or the
app provider provides an overriding custom license agreement (“custom eula”).
the app provider of any third party app is solely responsible for its content,
warranties, and claims that you may have related to the third party app. you
acknowledge and agree that apple is a third-party beneficiary of the standard
eula or custom eula applicable to each third party app and may therefore
enforce such agreement. certain apps, such as stickers and imessage apps, may
not appear on the device springboard but can be accessed and used in the
messages app drawer.

in-app purchases

apps may offer content, services or functionality for use within such apps
(“in-app purchases”). in-app purchases that are consumed during the use of the
app (for example, virtual gems) cannot be transferred among devices and can be
downloaded only once. you must authenticate your account before making in-app
purchases – separate from any authentication to obtain other content – by
entering your password or using touch id or face id. you will be able to make
additional in-app purchases for fifteen minutes without re-authenticating
unless you’ve asked us to require a password for every purchase or have
enabled touch id or face id. you can turn off the ability to make in-app
purchases by following these instructions:
<https://support.apple.com/ht201304>.

app maintenance and support

apple is responsible for providing maintenance and support for apple apps
only, or as required under applicable law. app providers are responsible for
providing maintenance and support for third party apps.

app bundles

some apps may be sold together as a bundle (“app bundle”). the price displayed
with an app bundle is the price you will be charged upon purchasing the app
bundle. the app bundle price may be reduced to account for apps you have
already purchased or acquired, but may include a minimum charge to complete
the app bundle.

licensed application end user license agreement

apps made available through the app store are licensed, not sold, to you. your
license to each app is subject to your prior acceptance of either this
licensed application end user license agreement (“standard eula”), or a custom
end user license agreement between you and the application provider (“custom
eula”), if one is provided. your license to any apple app under this standard
eula or custom eula is granted by apple, and your license to any third party
app under this standard eula or custom eula is granted by the application
provider of that third party app. any app that is subject to this standard
eula is referred to herein as the “licensed application.” the application
provider or apple as applicable (“licensor”) reserves all rights in and to the
licensed application not expressly granted to you under this standard eula.

a. scope of license: licensor grants to you a nontransferable license to use
the licensed application on any apple-branded products that you own or control
and as permitted by the usage rules. the terms of this standard eula will
govern any content, materials, or services accessible from or purchased within
the licensed application as well as upgrades provided by licensor that replace
or supplement the original licensed application, unless such upgrade is
accompanied by a custom eula. except as provided in the usage rules, you may
not distribute or make the licensed application available over a network where
it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. you may not transfer,
redistribute or sublicense the licensed application and, if you sell your
apple device to a third party, you must remove the licensed application from
the apple device before doing so. you may not copy (except as permitted by
this license and the usage rules), reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to
derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the licensed
application, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the
extent that any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to
the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any
open-sourced components included with the licensed application).

b. consent to use of data: you agree that licensor may collect and use
technical data and related information—including but not limited to technical
information about your device, system and application software, and
peripherals—that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of
software updates, product support, and other services to you (if any) related
to the licensed application. licensor may use this information, as long as it
is in a form that does not personally identify you, to improve its products or
to provide services or technologies to you.

c. termination. this standard eula is effective until terminated by you or
licensor. your rights under this standard eula will terminate automatically if
you fail to comply with any of its terms.

d. external services. the licensed application may enable access to licensor’s
and/or third-party services and websites (collectively and individually,
"external services"). you agree to use the external services at your sole
risk. licensor is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or
accuracy of any third-party external services, and shall not be liable for any
such third-party external services. data displayed by any licensed application
or external service, including but not limited to financial, medical and
location information, is for general informational purposes only and is not
guaranteed by licensor or its agents. you will not use the external services
in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this standard eula or
that infringes the intellectual property rights of licensor or any third
party. you agree not to use the external services to harass, abuse, stalk,
threaten or defame any person or entity, and that licensor is not responsible
for any such use. external services may not be available in all languages or
in your home country, and may not be appropriate or available for use in any
particular location. to the extent you choose to use such external services,
you are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable laws. licensor
reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, disable or impose access
restrictions or limits on any external services at any time without notice or
liability to you.

e. no warranty: you expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the licensed
application is at your sole risk. to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, the licensed application and any services performed or
provided by the licensed application are provided "as is" and “as available,”
with all faults and without warranty of any kind, and licensor hereby
disclaims all warranties and conditions with respect to the licensed
application and any services, either express, implied, or statutory,
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and/or conditions of
merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for a particular purpose,
of accuracy, of quiet enjoyment, and of noninfringement of third-party rights.
no oral or written information or advice given by licensor or its authorized
representative shall create a warranty. should the licensed application or
services prove defective, you assume the entire cost of all necessary
servicing, repair, or correction. some jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights
of a consumer, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to you.

f. limitation of liability. to the extent not prohibited by law, in no event
shall licensor be liable for personal injury or any incidental, special,
indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever, including, without limitation,
damages for loss of profits, loss of data, business interruption, or any other
commercial damages or losses, arising out of or related to your use of or
inability to use the licensed application, however caused, regardless of the
theory of liability (contract, tort, or otherwise) and even if licensor has
been advised of the possibility of such damages. some jurisdictions do not
allow the limitation of liability for personal injury, or of incidental or
consequential damages, so this limitation may not apply to you. in no event
shall licensor’s total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be
required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the
amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). the foregoing limitations will apply even if
the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.

g. you may not use or otherwise export or re-export the licensed application
except as authorized by united states law and the laws of the jurisdiction in
which the licensed application was obtained. in particular, but without
limitation, the licensed application may not be exported or re-exported (a)
into any u.s.-embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the u.s. treasury
department's specially designated nationals list or the u.s. department of
commerce denied persons list or entity list. by using the licensed
application, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such
country or on any such list. you also agree that you will not use these
products for any purposes prohibited by united states law, including, without
limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of nuclear,
missile, or chemical or biological weapons.

h. the licensed application and related documentation are "commercial items",
as that term is defined at 48 c.f.r. §2.101, consisting of "commercial
computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation", as such
terms are used in 48 c.f.r. §12.212 or 48 c.f.r. §227.7202, as applicable.
consistent with 48 c.f.r. §12.212 or 48 c.f.r. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4,
as applicable, the commercial computer software and commercial computer
software documentation are being licensed to u.s. government end users (a)
only as commercial items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all
other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. unpublished-
rights reserved under the copyright laws of the united states.

i. except to the extent expressly provided in the following paragraph, this
agreement and the relationship between you and apple shall be governed by the
laws of the state of california, excluding its conflicts of law provisions.
you and apple agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of
the courts located within the county of santa clara, california, to resolve
any dispute or claim arising from this agreement. if (a) you are not a u.s.
citizen; (b) you do not reside in the u.s.; (c) you are not accessing the
service from the u.s.; and (d) you are a citizen of one of the countries
identified below, you hereby agree that any dispute or claim arising from this
agreement shall be governed by the applicable law set forth below, without
regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably submit to
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the state, province or
country identified below whose law governs:

if you are a citizen of any european union country or switzerland, norway or
iceland, the governing law and forum shall be the laws and courts of your
usual place of residence.

specifically excluded from application to this agreement is that law known as
the united nations convention on the international sale of goods.

h. additional terms for certain content acquired from third parties

some content available in certain services are acquired by you from the third-
party provider of such content (as displayed on the product page and/or during
the acquisition process for the relevant content), not apple. for example,
apple books content is acquired from book publishers, not apple. in such case,
apple acts as an agent for the content provider in providing the content to
you, and therefore apple is not a party to the transaction between you and the
content provider. however, if you are a customer of apple distribution
international ltd., apple distribution international ltd. is the merchant of
record for the content you acquire from certain services (e.g., apple books),
but such content is licensed by the content provider. the content provider
reserves the right to enforce the terms of use relating to such content. the
content provider is solely responsible for such content, any warranties to the
extent that such warranties have not been disclaimed, and any claims that you
or any other party may have relating to such content.

i. additional apple music terms

icloud music library is an apple music feature that allows you to access your
matched or uploaded songs, playlists and music videos acquired from apple
music, the itunes store or another source (“icloud music library content”) on
your apple music-enabled devices. icloud music library is turned on
automatically when you set up your apple music membership. icloud music
library collects information about your icloud music library content. this
information is associated with your apple id, and compared to icloud music
library content currently available on apple music. icloud music library
content that is not matched is uploaded to apple’s icloud music library
servers (in a format determined by apple). you can upload up to 100,000 songs.
songs acquired from the itunes store or apple music do not count against this
limit. songs that do not meet certain criteria (for example, excessively large
files) or that are not authorized for your device are not eligible for icloud
music library. when you use icloud music library, apple logs information such
as the tracks you play, stop or skip, the devices you use, and the time and
duration of playback. you agree to use icloud music library only for lawfully
acquired content. icloud music library is provided on an “as is” basis and
could contain errors or inaccuracies. you should back up your data and
information prior to using icloud music library. if you are not an apple music
member, you may purchase an itunes match subscription, which is subject to the
terms set forth in this section. when your apple music membership ends, you
will lose access to to your icloud music library, including icloud music
library content that is uploaded to icloud music library servers.

j. additional apple fitness+ terms

apple fitness+ is for entertainment and/or informational purposes only and is
not intended to provide any medical advice. you should always seek the advice
of an appropriately qualified healthcare professional regarding (a) the safety
and advisability of any given activity, or (b) any specific medical condition
or symptoms.

k. carrier membership

where available, you may be offered to purchase a service membership from your
wireless carrier (a “carrier membership”). if you purchase a carrier
membership, your carrier is the merchant of record, which means that you
acquire the service license from your carrier, which will bill you for the
cost of your service membership, but the service is provided by apple. your
purchase relationship with the carrier is governed by the carrier’s terms and
conditions, not this agreement, and any billing disputes related to a carrier
membership must be directed to your carrier, not apple. by using a service
through a carrier membership, you agree that your carrier may exchange your
carrier account information, telephone number and subscription information
with apple, and that apple may use this information to determine the status of
your carrier membership.

l. miscellaneous terms applicable to all services

definition of apple

depending on your home country, “apple” means:

apple inc., located at one apple park way, cupertino, california, for users in
the united states, including puerto rico;

apple canada inc., located at 120 bremner blvd., suite 1600, toronto on m5j
0a8, canada for users in canada;

apple services latam llc, located at 1 alhambra plaza, ste 700 coral gables,
florida, for users in mexico, central or south america, or any caribbean
country or territory (excluding puerto rico);

itunes k.k., located at roppongi hills, 6-10-1 roppongi, minato-ku, tokyo
106-6140, tokyo for users in japan;

apple pty limited, located at level 3, 20 martin place, sydney nsw 2000,
australia, for users in australia or new zealand, including in any of their
territories or affiliated jurisdictions; and

apple distribution international ltd., located at hollyhill industrial estate,
hollyhill, cork, republic of ireland, for all other users.

contract changes

apple reserves the right at any time to modify this agreement and to add new
or additional terms or conditions on your use of the services. such
modifications and additional terms and conditions will be effective
immediately and incorporated into this agreement. your continued use of the
services will be deemed acceptance thereof.

third-party materials

apple is not responsible or liable for third party materials included within
or linked from the content or the services.

intellectual property

you agree that the services, including but not limited to content, graphics,
user interface, audio clips, video clips, editorial content, and the scripts
and software used to implement the services, contain proprietary information
and material that is owned by apple and/or its licensors, and is protected by
applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to
copyright. you agree that you will not use such proprietary information or
materials in any way whatsoever except for use of the services for personal,
noncommercial uses in compliance with this agreement. no portion of the
services may be reproduced in any form or by any means, except as expressly
permitted by this agreement. you agree not to modify, rent, loan, sell, or
distribute the services or content in any manner, and you shall not exploit
the services in any manner not expressly authorized.

the apple name, the apple logo, itunes, itunes store, app store, apple books,
apple music, apple tv, apple tv+, apple arcade, apple news, apple news+, apple
one, apple podcasts, and other apple trademarks, service marks, graphics, and
logos used in connection with the services are trademarks or registered
trademarks of apple in the u.s. and other countries throughout the world. you
are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid
trademarks.

copyright

unless otherwise noted, services and content provided by apple are © apple
inc. and its subsidiaries.

if you believe that any content available through the services infringe a
copyright claimed by you, please contact apple at the following locations:

\- third party apps: <https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-
services/itunes/appstorenotices/>

\- apple books: <https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-
services/itunes/applebooksnotices/>

\- apple tv+: <https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-
services/itunes/appletvplusnotices/>

\- apple news: <https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-
services/itunes/applenewsnotices/>

\- all other services (including but not limited to itunes store, apple music,
and apple podcasts): <https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-
services/itunes/itunesstorenotices/>

termination and suspension of services

if you fail, or apple suspects that you have failed, to comply with any of the
provisions of this agreement, apple may, without notice to you: (i) terminate
this agreement and/or your apple id, and you will remain liable for all
amounts due under your apple id up to and including the date of termination;
and/or (ii) terminate your license to the software; and/or (iii) preclude your
access to the services.

apple further reserves the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the
services (or any part or content thereof) at any time with or without notice
to you, and apple will not be liable to you or to any third party should it
exercise such rights.

disclaimer of warranties; liability limitation

apple does not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your use of the services
will be uninterrupted or error-free, and you agree that from time to time
apple may remove the services for indefinite periods of time, cancel the
services at any time, or otherwise limit or disable your access to the
services without notice to you.

you expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, or activity in
connection with the services is at your sole risk. the services and all
content delivered to you through the services are (except as expressly stated
by apple) provided "as is" and "as available" for your use, without warranties
of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and noninfringement.
because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties,
the above exclusion of implied warranties may not apply to you.

in no case shall apple, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
agents, contractors, or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages arising from your use
of any of the services or for any other claim related in any way to your use
of the services and/or content, including, but not limited to, any errors or
omissions in any content, or any injury, loss or damage of any kind incurred
as a result of the use of any content posted, transmitted, or otherwise made
available via the services, even if advised of their possibility. because some
countries, states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the
limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such
countries, states or jurisdictions, apple's liability shall be limited to the
extent such limitation is permitted by law.

apple shall use reasonable efforts to protect information submitted by you in
connection with the services, but you agree that your submission of such
information is at your sole risk, and you hereby release apple from any and
all liability to you for any loss or liability relating to such information in
any way.

apple does not represent or guarantee that the services will be free from
loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security
intrusion, and you hereby release apple from any liability relating thereto.
you shall be responsible for backing up your own system, including any content
acquired or rented through the services.

apple is not responsible for data charges you may incur in connection with
your use of the services.

waiver and indemnity

by using the services, you agree, to the extent permitted by law, to indemnify
and hold apple, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents,
contractors, and licensors harmless with respect to any claims arising out of
your breach of this agreement, your use of the services, or any action taken
by apple as part of its investigation of a suspected violation of this
agreement or as a result of its finding or decision that a violation of this
agreement has occurred. you agree that you shall not sue or recover any
damages from apple, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents,
contractors, and licensors as a result of its decision to remove or refuse to
process any information or content, to warn you, to suspend or terminate your
access to the services, or to take any other action during the investigation
of a suspected violation or as a result of apple's conclusion that a violation
of this agreement has occurred. this waiver and indemnity provision applies to
all violations described in or contemplated by this agreement.

statutory exceptions for public institutions

if you are a qualified public educational or government institution and any
part of this agreement, such as, by way of example, all or part of the
indemnification section, is invalid or unenforceable against you because of
applicable local, national, state or federal law, then that portion shall be
deemed invalid or unenforceable, as the case may be, and instead construed in
a manner most consistent with applicable governing law.

governing law

except to the extent expressly provided in the following paragraph, this
agreement and the relationship between you and apple, and all transactions on
the services shall be governed by the laws of the state of california,
excluding its conflicts of law provisions. you and apple agree to submit to
the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the
county of santa clara, california, to resolve any dispute or claim arising
from this agreement. if (a) you are not a u.s. citizen; (b) you do not reside
in the u.s.; (c) you are not accessing the service from the u.s.; and (d) you
are a citizen of one of the countries identified below, you hereby agree that
any dispute or claim arising from this agreement shall be governed by the
applicable law set forth below, without regard to any conflict of law
provisions, and you hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts located in the state, province or country
identified below whose law governs:

if you are a citizen of any european union country or switzerland, norway or
iceland, the governing law and forum shall be the laws and courts of your
usual place of residence.

specifically excluded from application to this agreement is that law known as
the united nations convention on the international sale of goods.

other provisions

this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and apple and
governs your use of the services, superseding any prior agreements with
respect to the same subject matter between you and apple. you also may be
subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use
affiliate services, third-party content, third-party software, or additional
services such as the volume purchase program. if any part of this agreement is
held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner
consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original
intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full
force and effect. apple's failure to enforce any right or provisions in this
agreement will not constitute a waiver of such or any other provision. apple
will not be responsible for failures to fulfill any obligations due to causes
beyond its control.

you agree to comply with all local, state, federal, and national laws,
statutes, ordinances, and regulations that apply to your use of the services.
your use of the services may also be subject to other laws. risk of loss for
all electronically delivered transactions pass to the acquirer upon electronic
transmission to the recipient. no apple employee or agent has the authority to
vary this agreement.

apple may notify you with respect to the services by sending an email message
to your email address or a letter via postal mail to your mailing address, or
by a posting on the services. notices shall become effective immediately.
apple may also contact you by email or push notification to send you
additional information about the services.

you hereby grant apple the right to take steps apple believes are reasonably
necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with any part of
this agreement. you agree that apple has the right, without liability to you,
to disclose any data and/or information to law enforcement authorities,
government officials, and/or a third party, as apple believes is reasonably
necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify compliance with any part of
this agreement (including but not limited to apple's right to cooperate with
any legal process relating to your use of the services and/or content, and/or
a third-party claim that your use of the services and/or content is unlawful
and/or infringes such third party's rights).

children under the age of majority should review this agreement with their
parent or guardian to ensure that the child and parent or legal guardian
understand it.

last updated: september 16, 2020

## apple footer

[  apple ](https://www.apple.com)

  1. [ legal](/legal/)
  2. [ internet services](/legal/internet-services/)
  3. apple media services

### hardware and software

open menu close menu

  * [hardware warranties](/legal/warranty/)
  * [software license agreements](/legal/sla/)
  * [rf exposure](/legal/rfexposure/)

### more resources

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/more-resources/)
  * [government information requests](https://www.apple.com/privacy/government-information-requests/)
  * [contact apple legal](/legal/contact/)
  * [global trade compliance](/legal/more-resources/gtc.html)
  * [supplier provisions](/legal/more-resources/supplier-provisions.html)
  * [filemaker legal information](http://www.filemaker.com/company/legal/trademark_guidelines.html)

### sales & support

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [applecare](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [repair terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/repair/)
  * [express replacement service](/legal/sales-support/terms/iphonears/)
  * [remote support terms and conditions](https://images.apple.com/legal/sales-support/applecare/docs/remotesupport_terms.pdf)
  * [sales policies](/legal/sales-support/)
  * [certification agreements and policies](/legal/sales-support/certification/)
  * [training service terms and conditions](/legal/sales-support/terms/training/trainingservice.html)
  * [support communities terms of use](https://discussions.apple.com/terms)

### internet services

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/internet-services/)
  * [apple media services terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/)
  * [itunes gift cards and codes terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/giftcards/)
  * [game center terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/)
  * [icloud terms of service](/legal/internet-services/icloud/)
  * [testflight terms and conditions](/legal/internet-services/testflight/)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy/)
  * [website terms of use](/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html)

### intellectual property

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/intellectual-property/)
  * [guidelines for using apple trademarks and copyrights](/legal/intellectual-property/guidelinesfor3rdparties.html)
  * [trademarks](/legal/intellectual-property/trademark/appletmlist.html)
  * [rights and permissions](/legal/contact/rights-permissions.html)
  * [piracy prevention](/legal/intellectual-property/piracy.html)
  * [unsolicited idea submission policy](/legal/intellectual-property/policies/ideas.html)

### education

open menu close menu

  * [apple school manager](/legal/education/apple-school-manager/)

###  enterprise

open menu close menu

  * [apple business manager](/legal/enterprise/apple-business-manager/)
  * [data transfer agreements](/legal/enterprise/datatransfer/)

more ways to shop: [find an apple store](/retail/) or [other
retailer](https://locate.apple.com/) near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.

[united states](/choose-country-region/ "choose your country or region")

copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved.

[privacy policy](/legal/privacy/) [terms of use](/legal/internet-
services/terms/site.html) [sales and
refunds](/us/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds) [legal](/legal/) [site
map](/sitemap/)

