  * global nav open menu global nav close menu
  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

[ search apple.com cancel ](/us/search)

  * [ apple ](/)
  * [ mac ](/mac/)
  * [ ipad ](/ipad/)
  * [ iphone ](/iphone/)
  * [ watch ](/watch/)
  * [ tv ](/tv/)
  * [ music ](/music/)
  * [ support ](https://support.apple.com)
  * [](/us/search)
  * [ shopping bag ](/us/shop/goto/bag) +

cancel

[privacy](/privacy/)

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/privacy/)
  * [features](/privacy/features/)
  * [control](/privacy/control/)
  * [transparency report](/legal/transparency/)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy/en-ww/)

# transparency report

apple is committed to your privacy and being transparent about government
requests for customer data globally. this report provides information on
government requests received.

## government requests

select date range and country/region.

date range

date range

country / region

country / region

globe image credit: digitalglobe, nasa/noaa

date range

date range

  * ## device

device requests are based on device identifiers such as apple serial number,
imei or meid.

device requests generally seek information regarding customers associated with
devices and device connections to apple services - for example, law
enforcement investigations on behalf of customers regarding lost or stolen
devices.

additionally, apple regularly receives multi-device requests related to fraud
investigations.

[view device requests](/legal/transparency/device-requests.html)

### device requests by year - worldwide

  * ## financial identifier

financial identifier requests are based on financial identifiers such as
credit/debit card or itunes gift card.

financial identifier requests generally seek information regarding suspected
fraudulent transactions - for example, law enforcement investigations on
behalf of customers in which a credit card was fraudulently used to purchase
apple products or services.

apple began reporting on financial identifier requests in transparency report
period july 1 - december 31, 2016.

[view financial identifier requests](/legal/transparency/financial-
identifier.html)

### financial identifier requests by year - worldwide

  * ## account

account requests are based on account identifiers such as an apple id or email
address.  
  
account requests generally seek information regarding customers’ apple id
accounts, such as account holder name and address and account connections to
apple services - for example, law enforcement investigations where an account
may have been used unlawfully. account requests may also seek customers’
content data, such as photos, email, ios device backups, contacts or
calendars.  

[view account requests](/legal/transparency/account.html)

### account requests by year - worldwide

  * ## account preservation

account preservation requests are based on account identifiers such as an
apple id or email address.  

account preservation requests ask apple to preserve a one-time copy of
customer account data - for example, law enforcement investigations where an
account may have been used unlawfully, and apple is requested to preserve
account data while a valid legal request for the data is obtained.  

apple began reporting on account preservation requests in transparency report
period july 1 - december 31, 2016.

[view account preservation requests](/legal/transparency/account-
preservation.html)

## account preservation requests by year - worldwide

## requests received

the number of account preservation requests received worldwide from government
agencies.

##

## accounts where data preserved

the number of accounts that resulted in apple preserving data in response to
account preservation requests received worldwide.

##

year  |  requests received |  accounts where data preserved  
---|---|---  
  
2019

|

5,383

|

10,077  
  
2018

|

3,402

|

6,765  
  
2017

|

2,322

|

3,500  
  
2016

|  -not applicable |  -not applicable  
  
2015

|  -not applicable |  -not applicable  
  
2014

|  -not applicable |  -not applicable  
  
2013

|  -not applicable |  -not applicable  
  
  * ## account restriction/deletion

account restriction/deletion requests ask apple to restrict or delete a
customer’s account, for example, law enforcement determines an account was
used unlawfully and obtains a court order to restrict or delete the account.

apple began reporting on account restriction requests in transparency report
period july 1 - december 31, 2016.

apple began reporting on account deletion requests in transparency report
period july 1 - december 31, 2014.  

[view account restriction/deletion requests](/legal/transparency/account-
restriction.html)

### account restriction/deletion requests by year - worldwide

  * ## emergency

emergency requests relate to circumstances involving imminent danger of death
or serious physical injury to any person, and generally seek information
regarding customers’ connections to apple services - for example, instances
where law enforcement believe a person is missing and in danger.  

apple began reporting on emergency requests as a separate category in
transparency report period january 1 - june 30, 2015.  prior to this,
emergency requests were reported in applicable account and/or device request
categories.

[view emergency requests](/legal/transparency/emergency-requests.html)

### emergency requests by year - worldwide

  * ## united states national security

u.s. national security requests seek customer data in response to national
security related investigations. national security requests include orders
received under the foreign intelligence surveillance act (“fisa”) and national
security letters (“nsls”). to date, apple has not received any orders for bulk
data.

apple reports national security requests received for apple users/accounts
(nsls and orders received under fisa) within bands permissible by law pursuant
to the usa freedom act of 2015 (“usa freedom”). though we want to be more
specific, these are currently the ranges and level of detail permitted under
usa freedom for reporting u.s. national security requests.  

[view u.s. national security requests](/legal/transparency/us.html)

## u.s. national security requests by period

## report period

h1 represents january 1 through june 30.

h2 represents july 1 through december 31.

##

## request type

national security requests: includes fisa court issued orders for non-content
and content data as well as national security letters issued by the federal
bureau of investigation.  
  
fisa non-content & content requests: fisa court issued orders for non-content
or content data. non-content data is data such as subscriber or transactional
information and connection logs. content data is data such as stored photos,
email, ios device backups, contacts or calendars.  
  
national security letters (nsls): federal bureau of investigation issued
requests for non-content data in national security investigations. non-content
data is data such as subscriber data. apple does not produce transactional
information and connection logs in response to national security letters.

##

## requests received

the number of united states national security requests received.

for report periods 2013 h1 - 2017 h2, we count each individual request
received and report the total number of requests received within bands/ranges
permissible by law.  
  
for report periods 2018 h1 and subsequent, we count each individual order and
national security letter received for apple users/accounts and report the
total number of orders and national security letters received within
bands/ranges permissible by law. in order to report fisa non-content and
content requests in separate categories, we are required by law, under the usa
freedom act, to delay reporting by 6 months and report in bands/ranges of 500.

reporting the number of requests received for the most current reporting
period may be subject to this legally required 6-month reporting delay.

##

## users/accounts

the number of accounts where apple provided data in response to united states
national security requests. we count the number of accounts where we provide
data and report the total number of accounts affected within bands/ranges
permissible by law. reporting the number of users/accounts affected for the
most current reporting period may be subject to a legally required 6-month
reporting delay pursuant to usa freedom act of 2015.

##

report period |  request type |  requests received |  users/accounts  
---|---|---|---  
  
2019 h2

|

fisa non-content

|

0 - 499

|

15,500 - 15,999  
  
2019 h2

|

fisa content

|

0 - 499

|

17,500 - 17,999  
  
2019 h2

|

nsls

|

2 - 499

|

1,505 - 1,999  
  
2019 h1

|

fisa non-content

|

0 - 499

|

11,000 - 11,499  
  
2019 h1

|

fisa content

|

0 - 499

|

18,000 - 18,499  
  
2019 h1

|

nsls

|

2 - 499

|

2,500 - 2,999  
  
2018 h2

|

fisa non-content

|

0 - 499

|

9,000 - 9,499  
  
2018 h2

|

fisa content

|

0 - 499

|

14,000 - 14,499  
  
2018 h2

|

nsls

|

4 - 499

|

1,507- 1,999  
  
2018 h1

|

fisa non-content

|

0 - 499

|

7,500 - 7,999  
  
2018 h1

|

fisa content

|

0 - 499

|

13,500 - 13,999  
  
2018 h1

|

nsls

|

1 - 499

|

1,001 - 1,499  
  
2017 h2

|

national security

|

16,002 - 16,249

|

8,006 - 8,249  
  
2017 h1

|

national security

|

13,252 - 13,499

|

9,002 - 9,249  
  
2016 h2

|

national security

|

5,750 - 5,999

|

4,750 - 4,999  
  
2016 h1

|

national security

|

2,750 - 2,999

|

2,000 - 2,249  
  
2015 h2

|

national security

|

1,250 - 1,499

|

1,000 - 1,249  
  
2015 h1

|

national security

|

751 - 999

|

250 - 499  
  
2014 h2

|

national security

|

250 - 499

|

0 - 249  
  
2014 h1

|

national security

|

0 - 249

|

0 - 249  
  
2013 h2

|

national security

|

0 - 249

|

0 - 249  
  
2013 h1

|

national security

|

0 - 249

|

0 - 249  
  
  * ## united states private party

u.s. private party (non-government) requests generally seek information about
connections to apple services, purchase transactions, or product registrations
relating to an apple customer - for example, civil or criminal litigation case
proceedings where a subpoena is issued for information.

apple began reporting on u.s. private party requests in transparency report
period july 1 - december 31, 2016.

[view u.s. private party requests](/legal/transparency/us.html)

### u.s. private party requests by year

  * ## app removal

app removal requests ask apple to remove an app from the app store.  these
requests can be based on alleged/suspected violations of local law and/or of
app store platform policies.  for example, law enforcement or regulatory
agencies suspect an app may be unlawful or relate to/contain unlawful content,
or may violate the app store platform policies or relate to/contain content
violating platform policies.  

apple began reporting on app removal requests in transparency report period
july 1 - december 31, 2018.  

[view app removal requests - legal violation](/legal/transparency/app-removal-
requests-legal-violation.html)

[view app removal requests - platform violation](/legal/transparency/app-
removal-requests-platform-violation.html)

## app removal requests - worldwide

## report period

h1 represents january 1 through june 30.

h2 represents july 1 through december 31.

##

## request type

legal violation requests: **** requests received from a government agency
seeking to take down a third party application offered on the app store
related to alleged/suspected legal violations.

platform violation requests: requests received from a government agency
seeking to take down a third party application offered on the app store
related to alleged/suspected app store platform policy violations.

##

## requests received

the number of app removal requests received worldwide from government agencies
asking apple to remove an app from the app store.

##

## requests where app removed

the number of app removal requests received worldwide from government agencies
where apple proceeded with removal of app(s) from the app store.

##

## apps removed

the number of apps removed from the app store in response to app removal
requests received worldwide from government agencies.  

##

report period |  request type |  requests received |  requests where app
removed |  apps removed  
---|---|---|---|---  
  
2019 h2

|

legal violation

|

54

|

48

|

207  
  
2019 h2

|

platform violation

|

17

|

17

|

37  
  
2019 h1

|

legal violation

|

95

|

91

|

314  
  
2019 h1

|

platform violation

|

2

|

2

|

2  
  
2018 h2

|

legal violation

|

80

|

75

|

634  
  
2018 h2

|

platform violation

|

0

|

0

|

0  
  

## more information

[report pdfs](/legal/transparency/report-pdf.html)

[about our transparency report](/legal/transparency/about.html)

[choose your country or region](/legal/transparency/choose-country-
region.html)

[report csvs](/legal/zip/transparency/apple_transparency_report.zip)

[government and law enforcement information](/legal/transparency/government-
information.html)

## apple footer

[  apple ](https://www.apple.com)

  1. transparency report

### transparency report

open menu close menu

  * [overview](/legal/transparency/)
  * [about apple’s transparency report](/legal/transparency/about.html)
  * [choose your country or region](/legal/transparency/choose-country-region.html)
  * [report pdfs](/legal/transparency/report-pdf.html)
  * [report csvs](/legal/zip/transparency/apple_transparency_report.zip)

### worldwide requests

open menu close menu

  * [device requests](/legal/transparency/device-requests.html)
  * [financial identifier requests](/legal/transparency/financial-identifier.html)
  * [account requests](/legal/transparency/account.html)
  * [account preservation requests](/legal/transparency/account-preservation.html)
  * [account restriction/deletion requests](/legal/transparency/account-restriction.html)
  * [emergency requests](/legal/transparency/emergency-requests.html)
  * [app removal requests - legal violation](/legal/transparency/app-removal-requests-legal-violation.html)
  * [app removal requests - platform violation](/legal/transparency/app-removal-requests-platform-violation.html)

### government information

open menu close menu

  * [government and law enforcement information](/legal/transparency/government-information.html)

more ways to shop: [find an apple store](/retail/) or [other
retailer](https://locate.apple.com/) near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.

[united states](/choose-country-region/ "choose your country or region")

copyright © 2021 apple inc. all rights reserved.

[privacy policy](/legal/privacy/) [terms of use](/legal/internet-
services/terms/site.html) [sales and
refunds](/us/shop/goto/help/sales_refunds) [legal](/legal/) [site
map](/sitemap/)

