# at&t; internet terms of service

### documents

  * [policy center home](/legal/legal-policy-center.html)
  * [general policies](/legal/general-policies.html)
  * ►

[ wireless](/legal/wireless.html)

  * [wireless customer agreement](/legal/terms.wirelesscustomeragreement-list.html)
  * ►

[ customer agreement and plans - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/wireless/prepaid-
agreements-terms.html)

  * [terms of service - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/terms.prepaidserviceagreement.html)
  * [plan terms - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/terms.prepaidplanterms.html)
  * [at&t; prepaid℠ autopay terms for customers enrolled effective 4/24/17](/legal/terms.prepaidautopayterms.html)
  * [at&t; prepaid℠ autopay terms for customers enrolled prior to 4/24/17](/legal/terms.prepaidautopaytermsprior04242017.html)
  * [data services agreement](/legal/terms.sessionbasedwirelessdataservicesagreement.list.html)
  * [applications, services, and features](/legal/wireless/applications-services-features.html)
  * ►

[ policies and processes](/legal/wireless/general-wireless-policies-
processes.html)

  * [at&t; maps and coverage area information](http://www.att.com/maps/wireless-coverage.html)
  * [upgrade advantage(sm)](http://www.att.com/shop/wireless/upgrade-advantage.html )
  * [information on wireless telephones and health](/legal/terms.informationonwirelesstelephonesandhealth.html)
  * [online pricing ](/legal/terms.onlineprice.html)
  * [returns policy and early termination fee ](http://www.att.com/shop/wireless/returnpolicy.html )
  * [shipping information](/legal/terms.shippinginformation.html)
  * [warranty exchange program terms and conditions](/legal/terms.exhibitr.html)
  * [paperless billing disclosures ](/legal/terms.exhibitv.html)
  * [other charges applicable to wireless services](/legal/terms.otherchargesapplicabletowireless.html)
  * ►

at&t next

  * [privacy notice for at&t; next installment agreements](/legal/terms.attnextprivacypolicy.html)
  * [retail installment agreement](/legal/terms.deviceinstallmentplan.html)
  * [business](/legal/business.html)
  * [digital life®](/legal/digital-life.html)
  * [at&t; tv](/legal/att-tv.html)
  * [directv](/legal/directv.html)
  * [home phone](/legal/home-phone.html)
  * [internet & email](/legal/internet-and-email.html)
  * [u-verse® tv and at&t; phone](/legal/uverse-tv.html)

print

**last updated: january 14, 2019**

thank you for choosing at&t as your internet service(s) provider. these terms
of service, including any schedules hereto and any terms incorporated herein
by reference (" the agreement") along with the applicable policies and
additional terms which at&t makes you aware of, including those listed below,
set forth your obligations, the obiligations of at&t, and the rules you must
follow when using at&t provisioned fixed location internet access service(s),
including both narrowband and broadband internet access services (as described
in more detail below and on schedule 1 hereto, as individually or collectively
referred to herein as "service(s)" or "internet service(s)"). "you" or "your"
refers to the holder of the member account, the holder of any sub account
and/or any authorized user(s) (as those terms are defined in section 3 below).
**the description of your service and other terms, set forth in the customer
service summary or order confirmation letter you received, are incorporated by
reference into this agreement.**

**please read this agreement carefully to ensure that you understand each
provision. this agreement requires the use of arbitration on an individual
basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also
limits the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute. arbitration
terms for residential customers are set out in section 13 and arbitration
terms for business customers are set forth on schedule 6 hereto, which is
incorporated by reference into this agreement. please read the terms
applicable to you carefully.**

for more information about different internet services and specific provisions
applicable to particular internet services covered by this agreement, please
see the following schedules.

schedule 1 – lists of internet services by brand name and at&t entities  
schedule 2 – ip broadband internet services (including "at&t internet" and
"at&t fiber")  
schedule 3 – fixed wireless internet service  
schedule 4 – dsl internet service  
schedule 5 – dial up internet service  
schedule 6 – business internet services  
schedule 7 – access from at&t program

note: mobile broadband internet access services from at&t are generally
subject to the terms of at&t's wireless customer agreement, available at
<https://www.att.com/legal/terms.wirelesscustomeragreement.html>.

this agreement is based on four general principles. first, at&t supports our
customers' right to free expression. second, at&t will give our customers
clear notice of any meaningful limitations on the services. third, at&t will
give our customers clear information about the experience they can expect when
using the services. fourth, at&t will provide consumer internet access service
in discrete, non-overlapping speed tiers.

your contract with us includes this agreement (including the schedules hereto,
which are incorporated into this agreement by reference), and also includes
the following materials:

  * your customer service summary / order confirmation letter (excluding the "my next bill estimate" page);
  * at&t privacy policy found at [att.com/privacy](http://att.com/privacy);
  * at&t acceptable use policy found at [att.com/aup](http://att.com/aup);
  * at&t policies for considering copyright infringement claims found at <https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html>
  * at&t access id terms and conditions found at <https://www.att.com/accessidterms>;
  * att.net terms of use found at <https://www.att.com/legal/terms.attnettermsofuse.html>; and
  * any other documents incorporated by reference herein or therein.

for more information on fees that may apply in addition to any amounts due for
your services and equipment, consumers should review the "consumer fee
schedule" available at
[www.att.com/consumerinternetfees](http://www.att.com/consumerinternetfees)
and businesses should review the "business fee schedule" available at
[www.att.com/businessinternetfees](http://www.att.com/businessinternetfees).
the consumer fee schedule and the business fee schedule are generically
referred to herein as the "fee schedule(s)" and are incorporated into this
agreement by this reference. at&t reserves the right to change fees, increase
or decrease fees, or impose additional fees without notice. additional fees
may apply for non-standard installations or for equipment upgrades. taxes may
also apply and vary by location.

the current fixed broadband internet access speed tiers at&t offers may be
found on at&t's speed tier page at
[att.net/speedtiers](https://www.att.net/speedtiers), for more information
about how at&t helps transmit your information to points on the internet, how
at&t manages the network, broadband options such as different service
capability and expected and actual speed ranges, device attachment rules,
activities that may impair or degrade your internet experience, and regarding
network practices relating to your monthly data usage allowance (if any),
please visit at&t's broadband information page at
[att.com/broadbandinfo](https://www.att.com/broadbandinfo). both the speed
tier page and the broadband information page are subject to periodic update
without prior notice.

note: if the location to which your service is provisioned is in a multi-
tenant environment (e.g., an apartment building, condominium, private
subdivision or retail shopping center, sometimes referred to herein as a
"mtu"), provision of your service may be subject to other terms and conditions
imposed by the owner and/or manager of the mtu (e.g. a landlord or home
owner's association). you will need to refer to the owner / manager of your
particular mtu for more information regarding any mtu specific terms which may
apply.

you must accept this agreement as a condition of receiving the service. by
accepting this agreement, you confirm you are a capable adult over the
applicable age of majority (e.g. eighteen (18) years of age in most u.s.
states and territories; nineteen (19) in alabama and nebraska; and twenty-one
(21) in mississippi and puerto rico – an "adult"). if you are an entity, by
accepting this agreement, you confirm (through your duly authorized
representative) that you are a corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
duly formed (and incorporated if applicable) in good standing where required
to do business with all legal authority and power to accept this agreement;
and you are also confirming that this agreement constitutes a valid and
binding obligation of yours. you are responsible for ensuring that all use of
the service complies with this agreement, and you will be deemed to have
breached this agreement if you or any other person, whether or not authorized
by you, uses the service in a manner inconsistent with this agreement. by
enrolling in, activating, using, or paying for the service, you agree to the
terms and conditions in this agreement, including, but not limited to, the
prices, charges, and terms and conditions provided to you in marketing and
informational materials associated with the service, all of which are
incorporated herein by reference.

### 1\. changes to this agreement and/or the service

we may change any terms, conditions, rates, fees, expenses, or charges
regarding your service at any time. we also reserve the right to modify or
discontinue the service, temporarily or permanently. we will provide you with
notice of material changes via either your member account e-mail address or
any other email address you provide, posting online at
<https://www.att.com/internet-terms>, recorded announcement, bill message,
bill insert, newspaper ad, postcard, letter, or call to your billed telephone
number or u.s. mail. it is your responsibility to check for any such notices.
your continued subscription to the service after the effective date of the
change constitutes your acceptance of such changes.

### 2\. internet service

#### a. _service description._

internet service is composed of narrowband or broadband access to internet,
and offers you a capability for acquiring or retrieving information from;
generating, storing, transforming, processing, or utilizing information on; or
making available information to other internet end points connected directly
or indirectly to th at&t network. unless otherwise specified, internet
services from at&t include the following:

##### 1) _site access / e-mail services_.

access to att.net and related services, including e-mail, is generally
included with your internet service. such access will be subject to the
att.net terms of use found at
<https://www.att.com/legal/terms.attnettermsofuse.html>. by utilizing such
access, including accessing the included e-mail account(s), you are agreeing
to be bound by the terms thereof.

##### 2) _dns services / dns language assist_.

domain name system (or dns) services translate domain names into the numerical
ip addresses needed for locating and identifying computer services and devices
within the underlying network protocols commonly used to organize the
internet. the dns services include dns language assist, which upon entry of an
incomplete or inaccurate web address will automatically search for similar or
related terms and present you with suggested sites you may want to reach
instead of providing only an error message. if you prefer to opt out of dns
language assist, you may do so by visiting
[att.com/cmpchoice](http://att.com/cmpchoice) from your desktop or from your
mobile web browser.

##### 3) _ip addresses_.

unless otherwise specified, at&t internet service is provided with a dynamic
internet protocol ("ip") address, a static ip address, a multiple static ip
address service (as applicable), or a privately managed ip address utilizing
cgn (carrier gateway nat) technology, at the sole discretion of at&t. static
ip addresses are not available with all internet services or all tiers within
certain internet services. unless otherwise specified, a dynamic ip address is
a single internet address intended for use with a single member account and
any associated sub accounts and a static ip address or multiple static ip
address is intended for use with a single computer or a network of devices,
computers and/or servers. you may not use the service in a manner that is
inconsistent with these intended uses. unless otherwise specified, at&t
internet services will support both ipv6 and ipv4 internet addresses; however,
to reach ipv6-exclusive internet content, some of your equipment may require
upgrades or replacement. for more information about ipv6 and how it affects
you, visit [att.com/ipv6](http://att.com/ipv6).

##### 4) _interconnection_.

because the internet consists of multiple interconnected networks and most
internet end points (for example, web sites and other content providers) are
not directly connected to the at&t network, at&t must connect to and exchange
traffic with other networks to provide its subscribers the capability of
uploading data to or downloading data from internet end points that are
connected to those networks. to that end, at&t has entered into commercially
negotiated agreements to exchange traffic with such networks on mutually
agreeable terms. consistent with its longstanding practice, at&t does not
warrant that it will establish or expand the connections between its network
and other networks except on such mutually agreeable terms. to the extent at&t
is unable to reach agreement on terms of interconnection or network expansion
with these other networks, it could affect your service. these impacts on your
service performance are described in more detail in the at&t open internet
notice. at&t therefore makes no promise, express or implied, that you will be
able to upload data to or download data from internet end points connected to
other networks at any particular speed.

like the other networks that make up the internet, the at&t network is a
shared network, which means that the transmission links and other network
resources used to provide the service are shared among the subscribers of
at&t. at&t manages this network for the benefit of all users based on a
variety of factors, and our technical expertise.

#### b. _" speed" of internet services, technology and data usage._

at&t offers many broadband internet access service options, each of which has
a specific service capability speed range. the term "speed" is commonly used
as a shorthand way to describe the capacity at which a particular broadband
internet access service can transmit data. this capacity is typically measured
in the number of kilobits, megabits, or gigabits that can be transmitted in
one second (kbps, mbps, or gbps). some applications like a short email without
attachments or basic web browsing do not require high service capability
speeds to function optimally, while other activities like transferring large
data files can be performed faster with higher-speed services. your service
capability speed may not be suitable for some applications, particularly those
involving real-time or near real-time, high-bandwidth uses such as streaming
video or video conferencing.

##### 1) _at &t speed tiers page._

the current fixed broadband internet access speed tiers at&t offers may be
found on at&t's speed tier page at
[att.net/speedtiers](https://www.att.net/speedtiers), which identifies the
"expected speeds" of the downstream and upstream rates at which your
"connection" (as those terms are defined below) transfers internet access data
between the network interface device at your home, office, or apartment
building to the point you connect to the at&t network. because many different
factors can affect the performance of broadband internet access service
delivered to a particular location or individual, at&t does not guarantee
specific performance levels for broadband internet access services. instead,
at&t manages its network to provide overall median performance consistent with
the expected speeds.

##### 2) _defined terms._

_a) **" connection."**_ because service performance varies on an end-to-end
basis, the service capability speeds of at&t are limited to, and measured
between, the equipment utilized to provision your internet service at the
fixed address or location you identified when ordering the internet service
and a point on the at&t network, sometimes referred to as the "connection" or
your "internet connection." the connection constitutes only one segment of the
end-to-end transmission path connecting the end user to internet web sites or
content providers.

_b) **" expected speeds."**_ because there are many factors which may impact
the speed experienced by any particular internet user at any particular time
(as described in more detail below), the "expected speed" represents an
anticipated, theoretical speed of the connection, based on network design and
engineering, measured over time. at any moment in time, a particular observed
speed will vary from the expected speed. however, at&t manages its network
toward an overall median speed consistent with the expected speed.

##### 3) _technology_.

unless otherwise expressly agreed to the contrary, at&t makes no warranty with
regard to the technology used to provision any particular internet service.
notwithstanding any description that may be furnished for a particular
internet service, at&t reserves the right, in its sole and absolute
discretion, to make changes to the technology used to provision all or any
portion of any internet service. so long as the essential functionality of the
internet service from a user perspective is not negatively impacted in a
material way by any change in technology, at&t has no obligation to notify you
of any changes in technology and changes in technology will not affect your
rights or obligations with respect to the internet service you have purchased.

for any particular internet service, the technology utilized to provision
different portions of the service may vary significantly. in those
circumstance, and unless otherwise expressly agreed to the contrary, at&t
shall only be responsible for the technology utilized to provision the
connection. as discussed in further detail below, at&t has no control over,
and makes no warranties with respect to, the technology within the premises to
which the internet service is provisioned (e.g. the inside wiring, local wi-
fi, home network and/or local access network). at&t further has no control
over and makes no warranties with respect to the technology utilized by
content providers for purposes of operating the servers which an end user must
access in order to receive access to the content.

##### 4) _other factors that impact speed._

in addition to issues presented by the various technologies over which an
internet access may operate on an end-to end basis, end-to-end performance of
your internet service will also depend on a variety of other factors,
including (but not limited to): the number of subscribers simultaneously using
the network; specific characteristics of the location from which you are
accessing the internet; specific characteristics of your intended destination
on the internet; overall traffic on the internet; wi-fi connectivity;
interference with high frequency spectrum on your telephone line; wiring
inside your premises, office or apartment complex; the capacity or performance
of your network devices, routers, gateways or modems; the servers with which
you must communicate with in order to reach your intended destination and/or
access the content you are trying to access; internal and external network
management factors (including overhead, which refers to the various control
and signaling data required to achieve the reliable transmission of internet
access data); and, the networks you and others are using when communicating.
in addition, your use of other at&t services (such as u-verse tv, at&t phone,
unified messaging, and other services) that may share the capacity of your
broadband connection with the service may impact the amount of capacity
available for your use of the service at that particular time and thus affect
the performance of the service. consequently, at&t does not guarantee the
performance of your service on an end- to-end basis. this is also why third
party speed tests which include other portions of the overall internet
connection beyond the connection itself may yield results which are outside
the expected speed range for your particular service plan on the speed tier
page. at&t expressly disclaims any warranty with respect to the outcome of
these third party speed tests.

##### 5) _download vs upload speeds._

the term "download" generally refers to the process of a user utilizing their
local device or computer to access information stored on a remote device,
computer or server connected to the internet and includes activities ranging
from "surfing" the internet, to downloading a file to streaming video. the
term "upload" generally refers to the process of a user sending information
from their device or computer to a remote device, computer or server connected
to the internet. unless otherwise specified, references to the "speed" of an
internet service will solely be with respect to the download speed of that
service. similarly, unless otherwise specified, at&t makes no guarantee that
the upload speed of a particular internet service will be the same as the
download speed, either in terms of the applicable speed range or in terms of
actual performance at any given moment. in fact, as set forth on the speed
tier page, many internet services have expected upload speeds which are lower
than the comparable expected download speeds. as a result, and as a result of
the many other factors that might affect speed at any given moment, the actual
upload and download speed of any internet service will vary greatly from time
to time and day to day.

##### 6) _data usage on residential internet services._

the residential internet service you purchased includes either an unlimited
data allowance or a monthly data usage allowance with overage charges for
usage in excess of your allowance. more details regarding the applicable data
allowance is set forth in the customer service summary or order confirmation
letter you received. use of certain services, including but not limited to
digital tv features and apps, at&t digital life, home security, home
automation and medical alarm systems, whether provided by at&t or a third
party, may count towards your internet data usage allowance. for additional
information about the use of your residential at&t internet service, including
management of your data usage, as well as information about other data plans
that you might consider, please refer too <https://www.att.com/internet-
usage>. (this paragraph is not applicable to business internet services.)

#### c. _availability and service changes._

##### 1) _availability._

at&t internet services are not available in all areas and may not be available
at certain speed tiers (or at all) at your location, even if our initial
testing, an at&t website and/or any sales representative or other personnel
associated with at&t indicated that your location qualified for a particular
speed tier or service. if your location is situated in an mtu, availability of
any particular internet service may depend upon the owner and/or manager of
the mtu agreeing to grant at&t access to the mtu and/or to your particular
location.

the availability of any internet service may also be subject to various
limitations upon the capacity of the various technologies utilized in at&t's
network to support a given number of customers on any particular internet
service and/or speed tier in a given area ("capacity limitations"). some
internet services are more likely to be subject to capacity limitations. when
a particular part of at&t's network is approaching a capacity limitation, it
can be very difficult for at&t to predict exactly when or how that capacity
limitation will impact upon the availability of a particular internet service
to a particular location. this may mean that, although a certain location may
be theoretically capable of receiving the internet service in question,
capacity limitations at the time a particular order is placed may mean that a
particular service is not available to a particular location. this can even
occur between the time that a service is ordered and the time that the
services is installed / fulfilled, resulting in a service that was shown as
being available to a particular location at the time an order was placed no
longer being available at the time of installation. as discussed in section 5
below, capacity limitations may also mean that if a service is terminated at
any location for any reason whatsoever, it may not be possible to restore or
renew that service at that location. for all those reasons, at&t makes
absolutely no guarantee as to the availability of any internet service at any
location.

##### 2) _service changes._

at&t reserves the right to modify or discontinue any internet service
(including rates and charges), temporarily or permanently. if at&t makes a
change that would have a material impact on your service, at&t will endeavor
to provide you with reasonable notice of any such change. the terms and
conditions for temporary changes, if any, will be included in the notice and
incorporated by reference into this agreement at:
[att.com/temporaryterms](https://www.att.com/temporaryterms). your continued
subscription to the service after the effective date of the change constitutes
your acceptance of the changes and the associated terms and conditions. in
lieu of notice and web site posting, at&t may instead, at its sole discretion,
require customers to enter into an agreement with at&t regarding temporary
material changes.

##### 3) _technology conversions._

in the event that at&t determines to provision internet service at your
location utilizing a different technology, we will evaluate whether the
conversion can occur without significant interruption to your service,
generally defined as no noticeable interruptions during normal business hours
and no single interruption outside of normal business hours of more than one
(1) hour in length. if we determine that the conversion can be accomplished
without significant interruption in your service, we may elect to proceed with
the conversion without prior notice to you. if we determine that the
conversion is likely to result in a significant interruption in your service,
we will endeavor to provide you with at least thirty (30) days' notice of any
anticipated significant interruptions of your service via email, direct mail,
bill page message, and/or bill insert. if, due to factors outside our control,
we cannot provide you with thirty (30) days' notice, we will endeavor to
provide you with as much advanced notice as circumstances reasonably allow.
following the period identified in such notice, we may at our sole discretion,
either disconnect your service or temporarily suspend your service for up to
fifteen (15) days to facilitate the conversion process.

as part of any conversion, we may, in our discretion, discontinue the
particular internet service you are currently receiving and make available to
you an alternate internet service of comparable or better speed at the then
applicable rates, terms, and conditions, which may differ from your previous
internet service rates, terms, and conditions (including bundle discounts). if
you are on a term plan and your overall price will increase as a result of
this conversion, taking into account all applicable credits and discounts, you
will not have to pay any applicable early termination fee if you elect to
cancel your internet service within the period specified for doing so on your
updated customer service summary or confirmation letter.

your new internet service may require different or additional equipment in
order to fully utilize. if that proves to be the case, we will endeavor to
either provide you with the required equipment or notify you of any equipment
you will be required to provide on your own. you may also be required to
review and accept new or additional terms and conditions related to the new
internet service and/or new equipment. if that proves to be the case, your
acceptance of such terms and conditions will be a condition to your ability to
access and utilize the new internet service.

#### d. _home networking / home wi-fi._

(these provisions apply to consumers. business customers should refer to
schedule 6 for provisions applicable to business services.)

##### 1) _inside wiring._

when ordering at&t internet service, you will be responsible for providing any
inside wiring (iw) in the form of copper wire or fiber optic cable between the
at&t network termination interface at your location and the gateway equipment
that will located at your premises. in most cases, the iw will already be
present in your existing locations, however you will be responsible for
providing any additional iw which may be required. if additional iw is
required, you may have the option of ordering iw from at&t or installing your
own iw. if you elect to install your own iw, the iw must be installed and
available for use by at&t technicians before you order at&t internet service.
if iw service is ordered from at&t, it is your sole responsibility to obtain
landlord permission or approvals for such iw.

##### 2) _disclaimer of warranties._

the condition of the iw over which your internet service is transmitted within
your premises will impact the performance of the internet service, including
with respect to speed, reliability and latency. you are solely responsible for
the condition of any iw and at&t expressly disclaims any responsibility
thereto. if iw is provided by at&t, upon completion of installation you will
have full ownership and responsibility for such iw. **unless expressly agreed
in writing to the contrary, at &t makes no warranty to you or any other party
for any work or materials constituting or associated with any inside wire.
at&t expressly disclaims any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a
particular use, and at&t has no responsibility to maintain, update, repair,
replace, de-install, or remove any installed inside wire.**

##### 3) home wi-fi.

depending upon the internet service you purchase, your internet service may
include wi-fi enabled home networking equipment ("wi-fi equipment") in order
to help you allow wi-fi enabled devices to wirelessly connect to your internet
service ("home wi-fi"). (see the applicable schedule for details about what
kind of wi-fi networking equipment many be included with the particular
internet service you are purchasing.)

in order to use home wi-fi, you must have wi-fi enabled devices that (a) meet
u.s. and wifi alliance standards; (b) are compatible with the wi-fi network
being generated by the applicable wi-fi equipment; and (c) are capable of
running ip and related protocols. the wi-fi enabled device you are utilizing
must be in close enough proximity to the wi-fi equipment to achieve
connectivity with the home wi-fi. actual home wi-fi coverage and quality may
vary depending upon the location of the wi-fi equipment, the location of the
applicable wi-fi enabled device and conditions in and around the premises in
which both the equipment and the wi-fi enabled device operate.

home wi-fi is designed to provide you with the highest speed available from
your home network at any given point in time, subject to the many different
factors that can affect network performance. at&t's most recent generation of
wi-fi equipment generally supports the ieee 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac standard,
although older home wi-fi equipment may only support the ieee 802.11b or ieee
80.11b/g standards. the theoretical maximum speed you may be capable of
achieving from your home wi-fi will depend heavily on which ieee 802.11
standard is supported by the wi-fi equipment you have as well as which ieee
802.11 standard is supported by the particular device you are utilizing. (by
way of example only, ieee 802.11b offers a theoretical maximum of 11 mbps
while ieee 802.11n offers a theoretical maximum of 600 mbps. even if the wi-fi
equipment at your location is capable of supporting ieee 802.11n, if you are
utilizing an older device that is only capable of supporting the older ieee
802.11b standard your theoretical maximum speed will be limited to 11 mbps.)

although the ieee 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac standards have theoretical maximum speeds
ranging from over ten mbps to over a gigabit per second, depending on which
standard applies, actual wi-fi speeds will be substantially lower than the
theoretical maximum speeds which describe the physical throughput rate
including wi-fi protocol communications. the result is that the maximum you
can receive may not exceed 40%-50% of the theoretical maximum wi-fi standard
speed and may be significantly lower depending on other applicable factors. in
addition to the factors discussed above, the actual speed you experience over
wi-fi will depend in part on the speed of the connection between the wi-fi
network you are accessing and the destination you want to reach on the
internet, which may be significantly below the theoretical maximum speed of
the service. (by way of example only, if you order at&t internet 25, with a
download expected speed of 25 mbps according to the at&t speed tier page, even
if the wi-fi equipment at your location and the device you are utilizing are
both capable of supporting the ieee 802.11n standard with a theoretical
maximum speed of 600 mbps, the theoretical maximum internet download speed
with your device connected to your home wi-fi will not exceed 25 mbps.)

##### 4) home network management.

although at&t reserves the right to manage any equipment used to access any
internet service, you are solely responsible for all security measures over
your in-home network, including any iw, local area network(s) and/or wi-fi
equipment. that includes, but is not limited to, access to authorization codes
or passwords, as well as any encryption you deem necessary or required. at&t
may provide you with tools or software to assist you in managing one or more
aspects of your home network (which software would then be included in the
term "software" as used herein below), but you remain solely responsible for
all aspects of your home network, including any activity by children or other
guests that you may allow (either intentionally or unintentionally, through
lack of adequate security measures) to access your internet services via your
home network and/or home wi-fi. for that reason, at&t recommends that you take
all necessary measures to ensure adequate network security and to closely
monitor use of your internet services and your home network by anyone
accessing your home network, especially children.

#### e. _nationwide wi-fi hot spots (for internet)._

access to at&t's nationwide network of wi-fi hot spots may be available to you
as part of the service, and the at&t wi-fi hot spots will provide you with
access to the internet via certain at&t internet access points (locations).
primarily, this access is provided via a wi-fi network using an ieee 802.11
standard. to access the wi-fi hot spots, you must have a device that is
compatible with the specific wi-fi equipment deployed at a location. access to
the hot spots is intended for the limited purposes of assisting with access to
the public internet for email and web browsing or other purposes consistent
with the at&t wi-fi terms of service, which may be found at
[att.com/legal/terms.wifiservices.html](https://www.att.com/legal/terms.wifiservices.html).
in order to gain access to the internet at a location, you may need your
member account information including your member id. if you are also an at&t
mobility customer, you may auto- authenticate at certain locations without the
use of your member id. the at&t wi-fi terms of service will govern your use of
at&t wi-fi hot spots.

### 3\. registration and membership

#### a. _member account._

when you complete the registration process for the service, you become the
"member account" holder. to be a member account holder you must either be: (i)
18 years or older, if an individual, or, (ii) be a corporation, partnership,
or other legal entity duly formed (and incorporated if applicable) in good
standing where required to do business with all legal authority and power to
accept this agreement and acting through your duly authorized representative.
you will be asked to choose a unique "member id" for your account.

#### b. _sub accounts._

unless otherwise specified, member account holders may also create up to ten
accounts with separate login credentials that are linked to the member account
(each a "sub account"). each sub account will also be required to accept this
agreement and complete the sub account registration.

#### c. _member account responsibility._

the member account holder is responsible for all activity associated with the
member account and any of its sub accounts, including all fees and charges,
whether the charges are incurred by the member account or the sub accounts.
use of member id subjects you to the at&t access id terms and conditions
(available at [att.com/accessidterms](https://www.att.com/accessidterms)),
which are incorporated herein by reference.

#### d. _registration data._

all information that you provide to at&t must be accurate, including your
name, address, credit or charge card numbers and expiration dates, and any
payment information ("registration data"). you are responsible for keeping all
registration data accurate and must provide changes promptly to the at&t
member center by logging on to this site: <http://start.att.net/membercenter>

#### e. _authority and authorized user(s)._

you may authorize spouses, partners, family or other household members or
designated persons to act on your behalf in managing your member account,
including changing or adding equipment and programming: (i) by providing such
person access to your confidential account password or passcode; (ii) by
updating your account information to add authorized user(s); (iii) by granting
authorizations and/or ordering permissions to sub account holder(s); and/or
(iv) by granting anyone primary or secondary online access to manage your
account (each such person, an "authorized user"). further, if you are not
present and/or do not affirmatively identify yourself as the member account
holder at the time of any service installation, you hereby authorize any adult
who is present to act on your behalf, including accepting this agreement and
any related agreements required in connection with the completion of the
installation and/or the activation of the service and approving any changes to
your services. you may also authorize these persons, along with guests known
to you, to access your internet services, subject to your obligations at all
times to maintain adequate security controls regarding access to your
accounts, your network and the internet services and to ensure that all such
individuals comply with the provisions of this agreement.

#### f. _password protections._

your account password or passcode (as applicable) must be provided to engage
in most online or telephonically enabled account management functions. you
agree to immediately notify at&t if your password or passcode has been
compromised and/or you wish to remove an authorized user from your account; in
the absence of such notification, you are responsible for activities on your
member account, including by persons listed as authorized users.

### 4\. pricing

#### a. _term plans, bundle discounts._

when you purchased the service, you agreed to a specific price and plan, which
may have included a term for the service of one or more years ("term plan").
similarly, some plans may offer a discount on the service if you sign up for
other at&t services ("bundle discount"). you agree to maintain your service
and any bundled services for the applicable term of the term plan or bundle
discount, as applicable. if you signed up for a term plan or a bundle
discount, the price under the applicable plans is valid until one of the
following events occurs, at which time the price of your service may revert to
the then-existing price for such service: (1) the term of your plan expires;
(2) you change your current service address to another service address; (3)
you drop one of the at&t services that you were required to purchase to
receive the special rate; or (4) at&t exercises a right under this agreement
to terminate your member account's (or any associated sub account's or
authorized user's) use of the service.

### 5\. termination or cancellation of service

#### a. _your decision to terminate or continue service._

you may cancel your service, but if you do so before the end of any applicable
term, you will be subject to any early termination fee which may be associated
with that plan as specified in your customer service summary, your order
confirmation letter or the applicable fee schedule(s) (referred to as an
"early termination fee" or "etf"). at the conclusion of your term, or at all
times if you did not agree to a term plan, your continued service will be
provided on a month-to-month basis. regardless of whether you are subject to
any applicable term or have service on a month-to-month basis, if you cancel
service prior to the end of your billing cycle, your service cancellation will
be effective as of the final day of your billing cycle for billing purposes.
you will not receive a refund or prorated credit of any portion of service if
you cancel prior to the end of your billing cycle. if you elect to continue
service on a month-to-month basis, you should review the then current
agreement regularly at [att.com/internet-terms](https://www.att.com/internet-
terms). the then current agreement will govern your service. your election to
continue service represents your agreement to the then current agreement.

#### b. _service suspension/termination by at &t._

at&t may immediately terminate or suspend your member account and sub
accounts, and all or a portion of your service without notice for any of the
reasons set forth in at&t's acceptable use policy, or if: (a) you provide
false or inaccurate information to at&t; (b) you (or anyone you permit to
utilize the service, including a sub account associated with your member id)
violate this agreement or the at&t acceptable use policy; (c) you (or anyone
you permit to utilize the service, including a sub account associated with
your member id) engage in conduct that is a violation of any law, regulation
or tariff (including, without limitation, copyright and intellectual property
laws); or, (d) if you engage in conduct that is threatening, abusive or
harassing to at&t, employees or any of their vendor's employees or
representatives, including, for example, making threats to physically harm or
damage employee or company property, frequent use of profane or vulgar
language, or repeatedly contacting our customer service representatives for
reasons that do not pertain to our provisioning, maintenance, repair, or
general servicing of your service after you have been asked to stop such
conduct. you may also be subject to suspension or termination pursuant to
section 6 below. if we terminate your service and you have a term commitment
that is subject to an etf, we may charge you that etf in addition to any other
rights that we reserve in other provisions of this agreement.

if we terminate or suspend your service, your license to use any software
provided in connection with the service is also terminated or suspended (as
applicable). if your service is terminated, at&t has the right to immediately
delete all data, files, and other information stored in or for your account
without further notice to you. you must pay all charges for the service
through the end of the billing cycle when the service is terminated.

#### c. _suspension and termination for non-payment._

at&t may suspend or terminate service if your payment is past due. while your
service is suspended, billing will continue for your monthly charges.

#### d. _suspension and/or termination upon loss of access._

upon any interruption or loss of either your or at&t's rights to access any
part of the network facilities required to provide your internet service,
including the interruption or loss of any rights to access the land or
buildings in which the facilities are located, at&t may, in its sole
discretion, suspend or terminate all or any portion of your internet service.
in general and where applicable, at&t will utilize available public rights of
way to access network facilities utilized for providing services. however, if
you are the owner of the location to which your services are provisioned, it
is ultimately your responsibility to secure any necessary rights of access
outside of the public rights of way. if you lease or rent the location at
which you wish to receive services, or if the location is located in a mtu
type of arrangement,receipt of services is expressly conditioned on the owner,
landlord and/or building manager providing all customary, reasonable and
necessary rights and permissions to allow at&t access to the network
facilities necessary to provide your internet service. at&t makes no
representation and can't guarantee that the owner, landlord and/or building
manager has or will provide the applicable rights and permissions necessary
for you to receive internet service or any particular grade of internet
service, and explicitly disclaims any such representation or guarantee. in the
event of any interruption or loss of access, at&t will endeavor to provide you
with reasonable advanced notice of any suspension or termination of internet
service, however the timing of any suspension or termination, as well as the
timing of any resumption of internet services, are entirely at at&t's
reasonable discretion. in general, and unless otherwise specified, billing
will continue for your monthly charges while your service is suspended.

#### e. _restoral fee and payment of past due amounts._

if either you or at&t suspends a service for any reason set forth herein
(other than due to at&t’s loss of access), you must make satisfactory
arrangements to pay all past due amounts in order to have that service
restored. you will also be required to pay a service restoral fee of no more
than $50 per incident of suspension or termination of a particular service
(subject to applicable law and except as may otherwise have been expressly
agreed in writing). please see the applicable fee schedules at
[www.att.com/consumerinternetfees](https://www.www.att.com/consumerinternetfees)
and/or
[www.att.com/businessinternetfee](https://www.www.att.com/businessinternetfees)s
to determine the restoral fee amount applicable to your particular service(s).
the restoral fee will be assessed on the next monthly bill you receive
following the resumption of service.

### 6\. payment

you agree to pay in full each month: (1) the monthly fee specified when you
ordered your service; (2) any charge(s) for equipment required for your
service; (3) activation fees, connection charges, and/or installation charges,
if any; (4) late fees, service restoral fees, and other applicable service
charges; and, (4) any applicable taxes, recovery fees, and surcharges that
at&t pays to municipalities and other governmental entities and may pass on to
you. for a list of additional fees that could apply to the service, please see
the applicable fee schedules, which are expressly incorporated herein by
reference.

#### a. _credit check / advance payments & deposits._

by applying to purchase internet services, and by continuing to access the
internet services, you are granting us permission to obtain your credit
information from consumer credit reporting agencies at any time. if we
determine that you may be a credit risk due to: (1) unsatisfactory credit
rating; (2) insufficient credit history; (3) fraudulent or abusive use of any
at&t services within the last five years; or, (4) late payments for current or
prior bills, we may refuse to provide the services or we may require an
advance payment, a non-refundable payment, and/or a deposit. interest will not
be paid on advance payments or deposits unless required by law. we may require
special payment terms such as additional advance payments or deposits if we
determine that the initial payment was inadequate. we may establish limits and
restrict your service or features as we deem appropriate. if your account
balance goes beyond the limit we set for you, we may immediately interrupt or
suspend your service until your balance is brought below the limit. any
charges you incur in excess of your limit become immediately due. upon
determination solely by at&t of satisfactory payment history or as required by
law, at&t may begin refunding of deposits through bill credits, cash payments,
or as otherwise determined solely by at&t. if you are delinquent in any
payment to us, you also authorize us to report any late payment or nonpayment
to credit reporting agencies.

#### b. _billing._

if the service is eligible for self-installation and you choose to self-
install the service, billing will begin when service is provisioned by at&t,
whether or not you have installed and begun to use the service. if you choose
to have a technician install the service, billing will begin when the
installation is complete, unless you initially select to self-install, and
subsequently ask for a technician installation (in which case, billing will
begin when service is provisioned by at&t).

#### c. _method of payment._

your monthly charges may be billed via a monthly at&t bill or to a credit
card. at&t internet customers will automatically receive an online bill (see
below), unless you specifically notify us that you want to receive a paper
bill by calling either of the following numbers (as applicable to you):
consumer: 800.288.2020; business: 800.321.2000; fixed wireless: 800.288.2020.

#### d. _credit card billing._

you may be asked to provide us with a credit card number from a card issuer
that we accept in order to activate your service. you hereby authorize at&t to
charge and/or place a hold on your credit card with respect to any unpaid
charges for your services or any related equipment. you authorize the issuer
of the credit card to pay any amounts described herein without requiring a
signed receipt, and you agree that this agreement shall be accepted as
authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay any amounts described
herein without requiring a signed receipt, and you agree that this agreement
shall be accepted as authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay all
such amounts. you authorize at&t and/or any other company who bills products
or services, or acts as billing agent for at&t, to continue to attempt to
charge and/or place holds with respect to all sums described herein, or any
portion thereof, to your credit card until such amounts are paid in full. you
agree to provide at&t with updated credit card information upon the request of
at&t and any time the information you previously provided is no longer valid.
you acknowledge and agree that neither at&t nor any at&t affiliated company
will have any liability whatsoever for any non-sufficient funds or other
charges incurred by you as a result of such attempts to charge, and/or place
holds on, your credit card. if you mistakenly provide a debit card number,
instead of a credit card number, you authorize all charges described herein to
be applied to such debit card unless and until you provide a credit card
number. in the event you are enrolled, or later enroll, in an automatic
payment or electronic funds transfer plan, you agree that all sums described
herein may be charged, at the option of at&t, to the account number provided
for such automatic payment or electronic funds transfer plan. when payment is
made by credit card or debit card, payment will also be subject to the terms
and conditions established by the credit or debit card issuer. if charges
cannot be processed through your credit card, or if your bank draft or
electronic funds transfer is returned for insufficient funds, we will charge
you an additional fee. for a list of additional fees that could apply to the
service, please see the applicable fee schedule(s).

#### e. _online billing for at &t internet members._

you must register online to establish a personal myat&t account and provide a
billing email address. you will then be able to view and pay your bill online
by logging on to your personal myat&t account (username and password
required).

you understand that you have sole responsibility for the security of your
password and you are solely responsible for notifying at&t if your password is
lost or stolen. at&t is not liable for any claims, costs, damages, or expenses
arising from a lost, misplaced, or stolen password. if you have forgotten your
password or want to change your password for any reason, you may request to
reset your password online. it is your responsibility to notify at&t
immediately if your contact information changes.

#### f. _late payment charge and dishonored check or other instrument fee._

you agree that for each bill not paid in full by the payment due date, a late
payment charge will be assessed of no more than $10 per bill (subject to
applicable law and except as may otherwise have been expressly agreed in
writing). please see the applicable fee schedule(s) to determine the late
payment charge amount applicable to your particular service(s). acceptance of
late or partial payments (even if marked "paid in full") shall not waive any
at&t rights to collect the full amount due. you will also be charged a fee
(the "nsf/returned check fee") for each and any check or other instrument
(including credit card charge backs) returned unpaid for any reason of no more
than $30 per check or transaction (subject to applicable law and except as may
otherwise have been expressly agreed in writing). please see the applicable
fee schedule(s) to determine the nsf/returned check fee amount applicable to
your particular service(s). for a list of additional fees that could apply to
the service(s), please see the applicable fee schedule(s) at
[www.att.com/consumerinternetfees](https://www.att.com/consumerinternetfees)
and/or
[www.att.com/businessinternetfees](https://www.att.com/businessinternetfees).

#### g. _bill inquiries._

if you believe you have been billed in error for your services or any related
equipment, please notify us within 60 days of the billing date by contacting
customer service (consumer 800.288.2020; business 800.321.2000; fixed wireless
800.288.2020). at&t will not issue refunds or credits after the expiration of
this 60-day period, except where required by law or regulation.

#### h. _refunds and credits._

except as otherwise required by applicable law, any amounts refunded in the
form of bill credits, cash payments, or any other form shall be inclusive of
all applicable taxes that were originally paid on such amounts. credit
amounts, such as customer loyalty rewards, that do not represent a refund of,
or a discount to, the price paid for any good or service will not result in
the refund of any previously paid tax, fee, or surcharge.

### 7\. equipment & software

#### a. _customer equipment._

other than the equipment and/or software provided to you by at&t for use with
the service (collectively, the "at&t equipment"), you must provide all
equipment, devices, and software necessary to receive the service. any
equipment or software that was not provided to you by at&t, including
batteries, is not the responsibility of at&t and at&t will not provide support
for, or be responsible for ongoing maintenance of such equipment.

regardless of whether the equipment used to access your service (modem,
gateway, or otherwise) is owned by you or at&t, at&t reserves the right to
manage such equipment for the duration of your service and retains exclusive
rights to data generated by the equipment. neither you nor a third party may
change, interfere with, or block access to equipment, the data or settings
while you continue to receive the service.

#### b. _at &t equipment._

any at&t equipment, including modems, routers, antennas or gateways, will be
either a new or a fully inspected and tested refurbished unit.

at&t will repair or replace damaged at&t equipment as at&t deems necessary and
may charge you a fee for repair or replacement of the equipment. you
understand that repair or replacement of equipment may delete stored content,
reset personal settings, or otherwise alter the functionality of such
equipment. you will be responsible for payment of service charges for visits
by at&t or its subcontractors to your premises when a service request results
from causes not attributable to at&t or its subcontractors, including, but not
limited to, when you are unwilling to complete troubleshooting steps requested
by at&t. if you own the equipment or if the equipment is damaged due to your
intentional acts or negligence as determined by at&t, you will be responsible
for the price of repair or replacement.

if the equipment was damaged due to your intentional acts, negligence, or use
inconsistent with this agreement, as determined by at&t, you will be
responsible for the price of repair or replacement. any tampering with the
at&t equipment, including, for example, opening and attempting to modify the
equipment, or attempting to connect the equipment to other hardware, will be
treated as damage due to your intentional acts or negligence. you agree that
you will use the equipment only for its intended use, and not for any other
purpose (such as on another at&t network, or on another provider's (non-at&t)
network). you agree to use appropriate and reasonable care in using any and
all equipment. tampering with the equipment, or attempting to connect the
equipment to other hardware, will be treated as damage due to your intentional
acts or negligence.

#### c. _access & installation of equipment._

you will provide at&t and its subcontractors with reasonable access to your
premises in order to install, maintain, and repair the service and you
authorize any other adult resident or guest at your residence (each, an
authorized user for purposes of this agreement) to grant access to your
premises for these purposes. you understand and agree that at&t may drill,
cut, and otherwise alter improvements on the premises (including walls,
flooring, and/or other surfaces) in order to install, maintain, or repair the
service. if you do not own your premises or your unit is part of a mtu, you
warrant that you have obtained permission from any necessary party, including
but not limited to the owner, landlord, or building manager, to allow at&t and
its subcontractors reasonable access to install, maintain, and repair the
service and to make any alterations at&t deems appropriate for the work to be
performed.

you acknowledge that at&t may use existing wiring, including altering the
wiring and removing accessories, located within your unit ("inside wiring" or
"iw"). you warrant that you own or control the inside wiring, and give at&t
permission to use, alter, and remove equipment from, such wiring. without
limiting any other provisions of this tos, you agree to indemnify at&t from
and against all claims by an owner, landlord, building manager, or other party
in connection with installation, maintenance, repair, or provision of the
services.

#### d. _power and battery backup._

the at&t equipment may require electrical power from your premises to operate,
which you are responsible for providing. if there is a gateway at your
premises, at&t will not provide an initial gateway battery backup unit or an
initial backup battery. any backup battery solution is your responsibility.
you may choose to purchase battery backup for your at&t equipment from third
party manufacturers or retailers. for more information and minimum
specifications visit
[att.com/batterybackup](https://www.att.com/batterybackup).

you also agree to be solely responsible for determining when backup batteries
for any at&t equipment require replacement and for replacing and recycling
used batteries. you agree to read and follow all manufacturer or vendor
directions for the replacement and recycling of backup batteries. for more
information and minimum specifications visit
[att.com/batterybackup](https://www.att.com/batterybackup).

**note that at &t equipment without battery backup will not function in the
event of a loss of customer-supplied power. this will disrupt your internet
service as well as any additional services that use the at&t connection for
transport (e.g. _voice over ip including e911_ ) or require an internet
connection to operate properly. at&t will have no liability for loss of any
service(s), whether provisioned by at&t or a third party, in the event of
interruption of customer-supplied power, with or without battery backup
present in the at&t equipment.**

#### e. _theft or misuse._

you agree to notify at&t immediately, in writing or by calling the at&t
customer support line, if the at&t equipment is stolen or if you become aware
at any time that services are being stolen or fraudulently used. when you call
or write, you must provide a detailed description of the circumstances of the
theft, including documentation of theft or fraudulent use of the at&t
equipment or services (such as a copy of a police report). you will be
responsible for all charges incurred until you report the theft or fraudulent
use. you will also be responsible for stolen at&t equipment not owned by you;
however, at&t may in its sole discretion waive or reduce charges upon
submission of documentation of theft or other circumstances. failure to
provide notice to at&t of theft in a timely manner may result in the
termination of your services and additional charges to you. unless notified
otherwise by at&t, after you report the theft or fraudulent use of the
services, you will remain responsible for paying your monthly fees for
services not stolen or fraudulently used.

#### f. _return of at &t equipment:_

except as otherwise provided, at&t equipment must be returned to at&t
undamaged, within twenty-one (21) calendar days after your service is
terminated for any reason. if equipment is not returned within twenty-one (21)
calendar days, or is returned damaged, you will be charged a non-return
equipment fee. we may retain any advance payment or deposit, or portion
thereof that previously had not been refunded, if you fail to return the at&t
equipment within this time period. if all at&t equipment is returned within
six (6) months of termination, any fees charged for such at&t equipment will
be refunded (other than fees for damages). no refunds will be made for at&t
equipment returned more than six (6) months after termination. this paragraph
also applies if your existing equipment is replaced or upgraded for any
reason.

### 8\. account security

you will receive a password associated with your member id upon completing the
service registration process. you agree to keep confidential all passwords, ip
addresses, and computer names and are solely responsible for any liability or
damages resulting from your failure to maintain that confidentiality. you are
also solely and fully responsible and liable for all activities that occur
under your password, member id, or ip address. you agree to do all of the
following:

(a) immediatelynotify at&t if you suspect any breach of security such as loss,
theft, public use, or unauthorized disclosure or use of your member account or
sub account, password, member id, or any credit or charge card number provided
to at&t by calling:

800.288.2020 for at&t internet and at&t fiber consumer subscribers and fixed
wireless subscribers

800.321.2000 for at&t internet for business, at&t high speed internet business
edition, at&t high speed internet business edition direct and/or fixed
wireless internet business subscribers

855.220.5211 for access from at&t in english (855.220.5225 for access from
at&t in spanish)

877.722.3755 for at&t high speed internet subscribers, and at&t high speed
internet direct (business and consumer)

888.321.2375 for fastaccess business dsl, fastaccess business dsl direct,
fastaccess dsl, and bellsouth dial internet subscribers (business and
consumer)

866.722.3425 for at&t dial subscribers

(b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session; and,

(c) periodically change your password. there is a risk that other users may
attempt to access your computer through the internet or connected networks.
you acknowledge this risk as inherent to the shared nature of the service and
you agree to take full responsibility for taking adequate security precautions
and safeguarding your data from loss.

### 9\. third party services

the service may permit access to products, services, websites, advertisements,
and content ("third party content and services") from advertisers, publishers,
vendors and other third parties ("third parties"). your use of third party
content and services may be subject to additional terms of use set by the
third parties. **your use of third party content and services is at your sole
risk and discretion.** at&t does not investigate, monitor, represent, endorse
or publish the third party content and services. furthermore, at&t does not
represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, statement or
other information provided by any third party, or represent or warrant that
your use of any third party content or services will not infringe the rights
of third parties. at&t reserves the right to restrict or deny access to any
third party content and services otherwise accessible through the service.
at&t shall have no liability to you arising out of or in connection with your
access to and use (or misuse) of the third party content and services.

**you may have previously been given the option to combine your member id with
a user account or id that was created in connection with certain third party
content and services (a "third party id") to enable single sign on to the
site. in at&t's sole discretion, at&t may elect to separate your member id
from the third party id. in such case, use of the third party id will no
longer enable you to authenticate into the site or any other at&t digital
properties, and you will need to use your member id, access id or another id
that was created via at&t, which was not combined with a third party id, to
access the site or any other at&t digital properties. continued access and use
of any third party content and services or third party id will be subject to
the terms of use provided by the applicable third party.**

### 10\. restrictions on use

your use of the service is subject to the at&t acceptable use policy ("aup")
which may be viewed at [http://www.att.com/aup](https://www.att.com/aup) and
is hereby incorporated into the agreement as though fully set forth herein. in
accordance with the aup, at&t reserves the right to deny, disconnect, modify,
and/or terminate, without notice, the member account or the service provided
by at&t to any customer whose use of the service violates the aup. examples of
violations of the aup include, but are not limited to: (i) unlawful
activities, (ii) violation of intellectual property rights, (iii) publication
or dissemination of threatening material, (iv) inappropriate interaction with
minors, (v) spam/email/usenet abuse, (vi) uses which are harmful to or
interfere with the use of the at&t network or its systems, or the network of
any other provider, (vii) uses which interfere with the use or enjoyment of
the services received by others, and, (viii) uses that constitutes a security
risk or a violation of privacy. in addition, at&t reserves the right to
terminate or suspend the service for any of the reasons set forth in the aup,
including when at&t reasonably determines that your use of the service
(including use by others under a master account or any sub account) may expose
at&t to sanctions, prosecution, civil action or any other liability, see the
aup for a more detailed discussion of the policy.

#### a. _no resale._

the service is provided for your use only (unless otherwise specifically
stated) and you agree not to, whether for a fee or without charge, reproduce,
duplicate, copy, sell, transfer, trade, resell, re-provision, redistribute, or
rent the service, your membership in the service, any portion of the service,
use of the service, or access to the service, including, but not limited to,
reselling capabilities enabled or used by a specific application (including,
without limitation, voice over internet protocol (voip) via wired, wireless,
or other means. for example, you agree that the service is not to be used to
trunk or facilitate public internet access ("hotspots") or any other public
use of the service, or for any high-volume purpose. all aspects of the
service, except that portion provided by third party providers, is copyrighted
and property of at&t.

#### b. _copyright infringement & digital millennium copyright act._

you are prohibited from infringing, publishing, submitting, copying,
uploading, downloading, posting, transmitting, reproducing, or distributing
software, video or audio content, or any other material that is protected by
copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, any other type of intellectual
property rights, trademark laws (by rights of privacy or publicity), or other
proprietary right of any party unless you own or control the rights thereto or
have received all necessary consent to do the same. this prohibition includes
the use of any material or information including images or photographs that
are made available through the service(s). **at &t assumes no responsibility,
and you assume all risks, regarding the determination of whether material is
in the public domain, or may otherwise be used by you for such purposes.**

at&t respects the intellectual property rights of others. in accordance with
the digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (the "dmca") and other applicable
laws, at&t has adopted and maintains a policy that provides for termination of
service in appropriate circumstances of the account(s) of customers who are
repeat copyright infringers. at&t may limit, suspend or terminate your service
at any time with or without notice to you.

if you believe the copyright to your work has been infringed in connection
with an at&t service that involves system caching, information residing on
systems or networks at the direction of users, or information location tools
as described in 17 u.s.c. §§ 512(b)–(d), please provide the information listed
at <https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html> to the designated agent listed
at <https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html>. at&t has no obligation to
investigate possible copyright infringements with respect to materials
transmitted on its systems. however, at&t will process valid notifications of
claimed infringement under the dmca. for further information regarding such
notifications, see <https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html>.

at&t also maintains the at&t copyright alert program that allows copyright
holders to notify at&t of claimed infringement occurring on at&t’s transitory
digital network communications services pursuant to 17 u.s.c. § 512(a). under
the program, content owners may submit notifications to at&t of alleged
copyright infringement based on information they have independently collected
by joining peer-to-peer networks, in accordance with the industry standard
automated copyright notice system. at&t then will attempt to identify a
subscriber account if the content owner has detected an ip address utilized by
an at&t subscriber and forward a copyright alert to the subscriber account,
advising the account holder of the allegation and providing information about
online copyright infringement. if a subscriber receives additional alerts, we
may temporarily redirect the account holder's broadband internet access
service to a webpage where the account holder must review material on the
importance of copyright and the lawful use of content available over the
internet. upon completion of this review, such redirection will be
discontinued and the subscriber’s service will be restored to normal. after
this stage, if a subscriber continues to receive additional alerts, at&t may
take further action consistent with 17 u.s.c. § 512(i), which may ultimately
result in termination of the subscriber/accountholder’s broadband internet
access service. account holders’ personally identifiable information is
protected throughout this process. at&t will not provide such information to
content owners unless required to do so by court order. for more information
about at&t’s copyright alert program, please go to:
[https://copyright.att.net/home.](https://copyright.att.net/home)

at&t's policies may be revised from time to time and, in addition, at&t may in
its sole discretion voluntarily participate, on terms acceptable to at&t, in
copyright alert and graduated response programs with other stakeholders.

#### c. _use by children._

at&t is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly
children. for this reason, children under the age of 13 should not be
permitted to access the service unless added as a sub account by a member
account holder who is their legal guardian. you understand that by adding a
child to your member account, you are giving your child access to features
that are available as part of the service (including email, message boards,
clubs, and instant messages) and the internet. please remember that the
service is designed to appeal to a broad audience. it is your responsibility
to determine whether the features provided through the service are appropriate
for a minor.

at&t suggests that you take advantage of the access controls offered with the
service, which allow you, as the member account holder, to block access to
certain types of web content you may feel are inappropriate for minors.
however, at&t also recommends that you remain diligent in the supervision of
any minors in their use of the service and the internet. access controls
provided through the service are intended as a guide only. neither at&t nor
its licensors can be responsible for any content accessed by you or minors,
whether or not you take advantage of the access controls provided through the
service. in addition, neither at&t nor its licensors guarantee the accuracy of
such access controls, and you agree that you will not hold at&t liable for any
loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of such access
controls.

#### d. _network management._

at&t reserves the right to engage in reasonable network management practices,
and to protect its broadband network from harm, compromised capacity,
degradation in network performance or service levels, or uses of the service
which may adversely impact access to or the use of the service by other
customers. reasonable network management practices that at&t may adopt
include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) a cap on data usage; (ii)
a modification of a customer's serving facility or service technology; and/or,
(iii) a modification of or a limitation on a customer’s data throughput speed
or data consumption.

a very small percentage of customers use the service in a way that creates
harm to the network, compromised capacity, degradation in network performance
or service levels, or which may adversely impact access to or the use of the
service by other customers. in the event that at&t adopts a network management
practice which will apply to your service, we will provide you with a notice,
by web posting, bill insert, email, letter, and/or other appropriate means,
which describes the network management practice, explains how it will work,
and explains how it could impact your service.

### 11\. data management / content

#### a. _data management._

you are responsible for management of your information, including but not
limited to back-up and restoration of data, erasing data from disk space you
control, and changing data on or settings for your modem and/or router. at&t
is not responsible for the loss of your data or for the back-up or restoration
of your data regardless of whether this data is maintained on our servers or
your computer server.

#### b. _content._

you, and not at&t, are entirely responsible for all content that you upload,
download, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available by use of the
service ("user content").

at&t does not claim ownership of user content. however, with respect to user
content you submit or otherwise make available via your internet service, you
grant at&t a nonexclusive, unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide,
sublicensable, transferable, perpetual, unlimited, assignable, fully paid up
and royalty-free right to copy, display, edit, publish, prepare derivative
works of, distribute, process, analyze, use and commercialize, in any media
known or hereinafter developed, to such user content.

at&t may preserve user content and may also disclose user content if required
to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or
disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b)
enforce this agreement; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the
rights of third parties; or, (d) protect the rights, property, or personal
safety of at&t, other end users, and the public.

### 12\. privacy policies

your use of the service and registration data and certain other information
about you are subject to the respective privacy policies of at&t. this policy
is available at: [att.com/privacy](https://www.att.com/privacy). to manage
your privacy choices, you may do so by visiting
[att.com/cmpchoice](https://www.att.com/cmpchoice) from your desktop or from
your mobile web browser.

### 13\. dispute resolution with at&t by binding arbitration

**please read this carefully. it affects your rights.**

consumer customers: see arbitration sections below. business customers: see
schedule 6.

most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's
satisfaction by calling our customer service department at 800.288.2020. **in
the unlikely event that the at &t customer service department is unable to
resolve a complaint you may have to your satisfaction (or if at&t has not been
able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so
informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding
arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general
jurisdiction.** arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for
more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by
courts. arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can
award. **any arbitration under this agreement will take place on an individual
basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.** for any non-
frivolous claim that does not exceed $75,000, at&t will pay all costs of the
arbitration. moreover, in arbitration you are entitled to recover attorneys'
fees from at&t to at least the same extent as you would be in court.

in addition, under certain circumstances (as explained below), at&t will pay
you more than the amount of the arbitrator's award and will pay your attorney
(if any) twice his or her reasonable attorneys' fees if the arbitrator awards
you an amount that is greater than what at&t has offered you to settle the
dispute.

**__arbitration agreement__**

  1. at&t and you agree to arbitrate **all disputes and claims** between you and at&t. this agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted. it includes, but is not limited to:
    * claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory
    * claims that arose before this or any prior agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising)
    * claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class
    * claims that may arise after the termination of this agreement

references to "at&t," "you," and "us" include our respective subsidiaries,
affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and
assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of
the service under this or prior agreements between us. notwithstanding the
foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims court.
this arbitration agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues to the
attention of federal, state, or local agencies. such agencies can, if the law
allows, seek relief against us on your behalf. **you agree that, by entering
into this agreement, you and at &t are each waiving the right to a trial by
jury or to participate in a class action.** this agreement evidences a
transaction in interstate commerce, and thus the federal arbitration act
governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. this arbitration
provision shall survive termination of this agreement.

  2. a party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written notice of dispute ("notice"). the notice to at&t should be addressed to: office for dispute resolution, at&t, 1025 lenox park blvd., atlanta, ga 30319 ("notice address"). the notice must (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and (2) set forth the specific relief sought ("demand"). if at&t and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after the notice is received, you or at&t may commence an arbitration proceeding. during the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by at&t or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or at&t is entitled.  
**you may download or copy a form notice and a form to initiate arbitration
from here:[att.com/arbitration-forms](https://www.att.com/arbitration-
forms).**

  3. after at&t receives notice at the notice address that you have commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than $75,000. (the filing fee currently is $200, but is subject to change by the arbitration provider. if you are unable to pay this fee, at&t will pay it directly upon receiving a written request at the notice address). the arbitration will be governed by the commercial arbitration rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes (collectively, "aaa rules") of the american arbitration association ("aaa"), as modified by this agreement, and will be administered by the aaa. the aaa rules are available online at [www.adr.org](http://www.adr.org), by calling the aaa at 800.778.7879, or by writing to the notice address. (you may obtain information that is designed for non-lawyers about the arbitration process at [att.com/arbitration-information](https://www.att.com/arbitration-information).) the arbitrator is bound by the terms of this agreement. all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for the court to decide. unless at&t and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address. if your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the aaa rules. if your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the aaa rules. regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.

except as otherwise provided for herein, at&t will pay all aaa filing,
administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in
accordance with the notice requirements above. if, however, the arbitrator
finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the
demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the
standards set forth in federal rule of civil procedure 11(b)), then the
payment of all such fees will be governed by the aaa rules. in such case, you
agree to reimburse at&t for all monies previously disbursed by it that are
otherwise your obligation to pay under the aaa rules. in addition, if you
initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the
payment of these fees will be governed by the aaa rules.

  4. if, after finding in your favor in any respect on the merits of your claim, the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of the last written settlement offer made by at&t before an arbitrator was selected, then at&t will:
    * pay you the greater of the award or $10,000 ("the alternative payment"), whichever is greater; and
    * pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of attorneys' fees, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs), that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("the attorney premium").

if at&t did not make a written offer to settle the dispute before an
arbitrator was selected, you and your attorney will be entitled to receive the
alternative payment and the attorney premium, respectively, if the arbitrator
awards you any relief on the merits. the arbitrator may make rulings and
resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees, expenses, and
the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the
proceeding and upon request from either party made within fourteen (14) days
of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits.

  5. the right to attorneys’ fees and expenses discussed in paragraph (d) supplements any right to attorneys' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law. thus, if you would be entitled to a larger amount under the applicable law, this provision does not preclude the arbitrator from awarding you that amount. however, you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys’ fees or costs. although under some laws at&t may have a right to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in an arbitration, at&t agrees that it will not seek such an award.
  6. the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. **you and at &t agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding**. further, unless both you and at&t agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. if this specific proviso is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.
  7. notwithstanding any provision in this agreement to the contrary, we agree that if at&t makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the notice address) during the period of time that you are receiving services, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the arbitration notice address provided above. by rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision.

### 14\. software - end user license agreement

if you have connected to the service by downloading or installing software
made available by at&t, either directly or through one or more vendors (the
"software"), your use of that software is subject to the end user license
agreement that accompanied that software. otherwise, at&t, or its applicable
third-party licensors, grants you a personal, non-exclusive right and license
to use the object code of any software provided to you in conjunction with the
service on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any
third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer,
reverse assemble, or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell,
assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in, or otherwise transfer any
right in the software. you agree not to modify the software in any manner or
form, nor to use modified versions of the software, including (without
limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the service.
you agree not to access the service by any means other than through the
interface that is provided by at&t for use in accessing the service. the
software is provided with restricted rights. use, duplication, or disclosure
by the government is subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraphs (a)
through (d) of the commercial computer restricted rights clause at far
52.227-19 when applicable, or in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in
technical data and computer software clause of dfars and in similar clauses in
the nasa far supplement.

at&t, or applicable third-party licensors may provide software upgrades,
updates, or supplements (such as, but not limited to, adding or removing
features or updating security components). you understand, whether the
equipment is owned by you or at&t, that at&t, or the applicable third-party
licensor, has the unrestricted right, but not the obligation, to upgrade,
update, or supplement the software on your equipment at any time.

**_export limits_**. none of the software or underlying information or
technology may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (a) into (or
to a national or resident of) any country to which the united states has
embargoed goods, or (b) to anyone on the u.s. treasury department's list of
specially designated nationals or the u.s. commerce department's table of deny
orders. the software and any underlying technology may not be exported outside
the united states or to any foreign entity or "foreign person" as defined by
u.s. government regulations, including without limitation, anyone who is not a
citizen, national, or lawful permanent resident of the united states.

### 15\. operational limits/force majeure

provisioning of the service is subject to the availability and the operational
limitations of the requisite equipment and associated facilities. you
understand and agree that temporary interruptions of the service may occur as
normal events in the provision of the service and that at&t is not liable for
such interruptions. you further understand and agree that at&t has no control
over third-party networks you may access in the course of your use of the
service, and therefore, delays and disruptions of other network transmissions
are beyond the control of at&t. in addition, at&t is not liable for any
failure of performance due to any cause beyond their reasonable control
including acts of god, fire, explosion, vandalism, terrorism, cable cut, major
weather disturbance, national emergencies, riots, wars, labor difficulties,
supplier failures, shortages, breaches, any law, order, regulation, direction,
action, or request by any government, civil, or military authority, or
suspension of existing service in compliance with state and/or federal law,
rules, and regulations, or delays caused by you or your equipment.

### 16\. customer service support

at&t provides free basic customer care for service purchased from at&t and
covered under this agreement. although at&t reserves certain rights related to
equipment necessary to receive the service and will repair or replace damaged
equipment as at&t deems necessary (in each case, as described in, and subject
to the terms and conditions (including fees and other charges) set forth in,
section 7 above), at&t does not provide support for devices that access the
service under this agreement.

### 17\. disclaimer of warranties

you expressly understand and agree that:

  1. your use of the service, and/or software is at your sole risk. they are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without warranties or guaranties of any kind. at&t and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners, and licensors expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of title merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, and any warranties implied by a course of performance, course of dealing, or usage of trade. you bear the entire risk as to the quality and performance of the equipment and are responsible for the entire cost of any necessary repair.
  2. at&t and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners, and licensors make no warranty that (i) the service, and/or software will meet your requirements, (ii) the service, and/or software will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, current, complete or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service, and/or software will be accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service, and/or software will meet your expectation, (v) any errors in the service, and/or software will be corrected and (vi) the service and/or software is free of viruses or other disabling devises of harmful components.
  3. any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service, and/or software is done at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material.
  4. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from at&t or through or from the service, and/or software will create any warranty not expressly stated in this agreement.

### 18\. limitation of liability

you expressly understand and agree that neither at&t nor its subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners, or licensors will be liable
to you for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary
damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill,
use, data, or other intangible loses (even if at&t has been advised of the
possibility of such damages), resulting from: (a) the use or the inability to
use the service, the equipment and/or software; (b) the cost of procurement of
substitute goods and services; (c) unauthorized access to or alteration of
your transmissions or data; (d) statements or conduct of any third party on
the service, and/or software; (e) failure to insure the compatibility of your
system (including the equipment, devices, and software that you provide to
receive the service) with the service, and/or software; (f) any other matter
relating to the service, and/or software; and/or (g) battery backup.

**_exclusions and limitations._** some jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability
for incidental or consequential damages. accordingly, some of the above
limitations of sections 17 and 18 may not apply to you.

### 19\. indemnity

you agree to indemnify and hold at&t, and its subsidiaries, affiliates,
officers, agents, co-branders, licensors, or other partners and employees
harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made
by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post,
transmit, or otherwise make available through the service, your use of the
service, your connection to the service, your violation of this agreement,
your violation of the aup, or your violation of any rights of another.

you acknowledge that you are responsible for all use of the service using your
account, including use by sub accounts, and that this agreement, the
acceptable use policy, and privacy policies, as amended from time to time,
apply to any and all usage of your account, including use by sub accounts. you
agree to abide by these terms and you agree to defend, hold harmless, and
indemnify at&t from and against any and all claims stemming from usage of this
account and any sub account - whether or not such usage is expressly
authorized by you.

### 20\. general

#### a. _contact information._

unless otherwise specified in this agreement, notices by members to at&t must
be given by calling: for at&t dial subscribers (866.722.3425), for at&t high
speed internet subscribers (business and consumer) (877.722.3755), for at&t
internet and at&t fiber subscribers (consumer only) (800.288.2020), for
fastaccess dsl and bellsouth dial internet subscribers (business and consumer)
(888.321.2375), for fixed wireless internet (business and consumer)
(800.288.2020), and for at&t internet for business (800.321.2000).

#### b. _trademark information/proprietary rights._

at&t and the at&t logos and all other at&t brands, logos and product and
service names ("at&t marks") are registered trademarks or trademarks of at&t
intellectual property. any use of at&t marks is prohibited without permission
of at&t intellectual property.

nothing contained in this agreement may be construed to convey to you any
interest, title, or license in the member id, email address, universal
resource locator, ip address, or domain name used by you in connection with
the service.

#### c. _additional terms._

this agreement, any other policies or guidelines referenced herein and the
terms set forth in any promotional offer for the service constitute the entire
agreement between at&t and you. this agreement governs your use of the
service, superseding any prior agreement between you and at&t with respect to
the subject matter of this agreement. you also may be subject to additional
terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other
at&t or affiliate services, third- party content, or third-party software. the
failure of at&t to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this
agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. if any
provision of this agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to
give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the
other provisions of this agreement remain in full force and effect. you agree
that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this agreement, there shall be
no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement. you agree that regardless of
any statute of laws to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out
of or related to use of the service or this agreement must be filled within
one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
we can assign all or part of at&t rights or duties under this agreement
without notifying you. you may not assign this agreement or the services
without prior written consent. if any part of this agreement is found invalid,
the rest of the agreement will remain valid and enforceable. the section
titles and paragraph headings in this agreement are for convenience only and
have no legal or contractual effect.

#### d. _survival._

obligations and rights in connection with this agreement, which by their
nature would continue beyond the termination, cancelation, or expiration of
this agreement, will survive the termination, cancelation, or expiration of
the agreement, including, but not limited to those in the following sections:
equipment and software, payment, disclaimer of warranties, limitation of
liability, dispute resolution by binding arbitration, and general.

to report violations of this agreement or the at&t acceptable use policy,
please go to: <https://www.att.com/aup> or e-mail us at
[abuse@att.net](mailto:abuse@att.net).

#### e. _consent to contact._

you expressly authorize, and specifically consent to allowing, at&t and/or its
affiliates, outside collection agencies, outside counsel, or any other agents
acting by or on behalf of at&t (collectively, the "at&t parties") to contact
you with informational messages regarding your account, including but not
limited to contact in connection with any and all matters relating to unpaid
past due charges billed by at&t to you. you agree that such contact may be
made to any mailing address, telephone number, cellular phone number, e-mail
address, or any other electronic address including a number for a cellular
phone or other wireless device or service (collectively, your "contact
information") that you have provided, or may in the future provide, to at&t or
any at&t party, or which any at&t party otherwise identifies as your contact
information, and to any and all telephone numbers, wireless devices or
electronic addresses billed on your at&t account. you expressly consent and
agree that such contact may be made using, among other methods, pre-recorded
or artificial voice messages delivered by an automatic telephone dialing
system, text messages delivered by an automated system, pre-set e-mail
messages delivered by an automatic e-mailing system, or any other pre-set
electronic messages delivered by any other automatic electronic messaging
system, regardless of whether you incur charges as a result. you agree to
provide true, accurate, current and complete contact information to at&t and
its authorized agents and to promptly update your contact information to keep
it true, accurate and complete.

## schedule 1 - list of services by brand name and at&t entities

unless otherwise expressly provided in writing to the contrary, the services
covered by the applicable terms include, without limitation, those listed
below and are generally provided by the applicable at&t entities identified
below.

**ip broadband internet services include**

at&t fiber and/or at&t business fiber  
at&t internet, at&t internet basic and/or at&t internet for business  
at&t high speed internet (including _max_ and/or _max plus_ )  
at&t high speed internet for business (including _max_ and/or _max plus_ )

(note: at&t high speed internet _max_ and _max plus_ were sometimes formerly
referred to as _u-verse_ internet)

**dsl internet services include**

at&t high speed internet (including _lite, ultra, xtreme, xtremepro, basic,
express, pro_ and/or _elite_ )  
at&t high speed internet direct (including _lite, ultra, xtreme, xtremepro,
basic, express, pro_ and/or _elite_ )  
at&t high speed internet business edition and/or at&t high speed internet
business edition direct  
dsl direct (including _express, pro_ and/or _elite)_  
fastaccess dsl and/or fastaccess dsl direct (including _lite, ultra, xtreme_
and/or _xtremepro_ )  
fastaccess business dsl and/or fastaccess business dsl direct

**dial up internet services include**

at&t dial services  
bellsouth® dial internet service

unless otherwise expressly specified in writing to the contrary, **internet
services** are provided by your local at&t telephone company, depending on the
state where service is provided, as follows:

bellsouth telecommunications, llc in al, ga, fl, ky, la, ms, nc, sc, and tn.  
southwestern bell telephone company in ar, ks, mo, ok, and tx  
pacific bell telephone company in ca,  
illinois bell telephone company, llc in il,  
indiana bell telephone company, incorporated in in,  
michigan bell telephone company in mi,  
nevada bell telephone company in nv,  
the ohio bell telephone company in oh  
wisconsin bell, inc. in wi,

outside of the local at&t telephone company franchise areas in the states
listed above, **internet services** are generally provided by teleport
communications america, llc and/or one or more of its subsidiaries.

outside of the states identified above, **internet services** are provided as
indicated below:

at&t dial is provided in states not listed above by at&t corp.  
other **internet services** are provided by tc systems, inc. in ny and by
teleport communications america, llc in any other state not identified in the
list above.

unless otherwise specified, fixed wireless internet is provided in all
applicable states by at&t mobility llc, acting on behalf of its fcc-licensed
affiliates doing business as at&t.

all companies listed in this schedule 1 are referred to in this agreement,
where, as and to the extent applicable, as "at&t or "we," "us," or "our".

## schedule 2 - ip broadband internet service

" **ip broadband service** " refers to any internet service provided through
internet protocol technology and generally encompasses those services marketed
as "at&t internet" and "at&t fiber."

in addition to those terms contained in the body of this agreement, the
following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving ip
broadband internet services. i where applicable, and except as otherwise
specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the
agreement solely with respect to ip broadband internet service. in the event
of a conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this
agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the ip
broadband internet services.

**additional equipment for at &t internet and/or at&t fiber customers.** at&t
will make available to you certain equipment, which may include one or more of
the following:

(1) a wi-fi gateway ("wg") located inside your premises,  
(2) an [optical network terminal](http://www.att.com/ont) ("ont") where at&t's
fiber network terminates, which may be located inside your premises, on the
outside of your premises, in your garage, or in a central location in a mtu
environment;  
(3) an intelligent [network interface device](http://www.att.com/inid)
("inid") (which provide your services if you do not have a gateway),

all of which are herein collectively referred to as "internet equipment"),
required for your service. if you have not purchased internet equipment from
at&t or if previously purchased internet equipment is beyond the one-year
(1-year) warranty period (from date of installation) and requires replacement,
then you agree to pay any applicable monthly equipment fee for the internet
equipment required for use with your service, as part of your purchase of or
continued use of the service and/or other at&t services. equipment fees and
purchase options depend on the at&t services and/or rate plans you order and
the installation options you choose.

the wg is installed inside your premises and is required for the service to
function. a wg allows multiple devices to connect and communicate to the
internet wirelessly. smartphones, tablets and laptops are common devices that
access the internet through a wg. a wg resides indoors and has a power cord
that plugs into a common electrical outlet. a battery backup is recommended in
case of a power outage. some wg's have an external battery backup while others
have an internal battery backup. at&t will install the wg. once the wg has
been installed by at&t, you may not move the wg to a different location or
reposition at your address or any other address.

at&t may also make available additional, optional internet related equipment
for sale or lease in connection with your service, such as various types of
home networking equipment (ex: wi-fi extenders). unless otherwise expressly
specified to the contrary, any amounts for the purchase or lease of this
additional equipment will be separate from and in addition to amounts payable
for your service. use of such additional equipment may be subject to
additional terms and conditions as specified in connection therewith.

**return of equipment.** if your service is provided by an inid, you should
not return the inid home networking hub, (model# j38hg) or the ont. the inid
or ont should remain where installed on your premises.

at&t is the owner of the wg. upon termination of your service for any reason,
at&t shall remain the owner of the wg, and you must return the wg, undamaged,
within 21 calendar days to at&t. if the wg is not returned within 21 calendar
days, or is returned damaged, you will be charged for the replacement value of
the wg. (you should also return any set top boxes or tv receivers you may have
received for use with related at&t services.)

return of any additional and/or optional equipment may be subject to different
rules or requirements than the internet equipment which will be communicated
to you at the time of return.

## schedule 3 - fixed wireless service

" **fixed wireless internet service** " or " **fixed wireless internet** "
refers to a wireless high-speed broadband internet access service that offers
you a capability for acquiring or retrieving information from; generating,
storing, transforming, processing, or utilizing information on; or making
available information to other internet end points connected directly or
indirectly via a fixed wireless connection to the at&t network.

in addition to those terms contained in the body of this agreement, the
following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving
fixed wireless internet service. where applicable, and except as otherwise
specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the
agreement solely with respect to fixed wireless internet service. in the event
of a conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this
agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the fixed
wireless internet service.

**_speed_.** as set forth on the at&t speed tier page, fixed wireless internet
customers should expect to see service capability speeds of at least 10mbps
downstream and at least 1mbps upstream.

**_ip addresses_.** static ip addresses are not used or available as part of
the fixed wireless internet service. services such as web hosting, or hosted
services such as camera, gaming server, etc. that require static ip address
are not supported by fixed wireless internet. see "service availability and
limitations" below for more information on service limitations.

**_service requirements_.** to qualify for fixed wireless internet service,
you must reside in an area where we provide fixed wireless internet service.
fixed wireless internet requires an outdoor antenna that is professionally
mounted on or near the exterior of your service location. unless otherwise
noted in the terms governing your plan, an eligible fixed wireless internet
plan is required.

customers obtaining broadband services under the connect america fund (caf)
program may be randomly subjected to performance testing to comply with fcc
cafii certification requirements. performance testing will be conducted for a
duration of four weeks and should have minimal impact on customer's internet
access experience. this testing will conducted by at&t and should not require
any customer intervention.

**_changing service location_.** you may not use the fixed wireless internet
service at any address other than your service address or move any of the
equipment to another address while you remain an at&t fixed wireless customer.
if you are moving to a new residence at which fixed wireless internet service
is available, and you wish to continue using the service, you may request that
at&t install the service and the equipment at, and change your service address
to, your new residence, although we may require a contract extension for any
such installation and change. if fixed wireless internet service is not
available at your new residence or if we cannot perform installation at such
residence for any reason, and if you also have a term plan, you will be
charged any applicable early termination fee. if you change your service
location but fail to call us at 800.288.2020 to give us prior notice, your
service will not be cancelled, and your service charges will continue to
apply.

**_fixed wireless equipment_.** depending on your service address, your fixed
wireless internet service will include some or all of the following at&t
equipment:

1) **outdoor antenna**. the outdoor antenna provides an interface to at&t's
network. the outdoor antenna and the aps (described below) require electrical
power from your service location to operate, which you are responsible for
providing. at&t will install your outdoor antenna. once the outdoor antenna
has been installed by at&t, you may not move the outdoor antenna to a
different location or reposition at your address or any other address while
you continue to receive the service.

2) **antenna power supply ( "aps")**. the aps provides power supply and data
connectivity for the outdoor antenna; your unit has integrated lightning surge
protection and two led indicators: power and outdoor antenna connectivity.
at&t will install your aps. once the aps has been installed by at&t, you may
not move the aps to a different location or reposition at your address or any
other address while you continue to receive the service.

3) **wi-fi gateway ( "wg")**. the wg is installed inside your premises and is
required for the service to function. a wg allows multiple devices to connect
and communicate to the internet wirelessly. smartphones, tablets and laptops
are common devices that access the internet through a wg. a wg resides indoors
and has a power cord that plugs into a common electrical outlet. a battery
backup is recommended in case of a power outage. some wgs have an external
battery backup while others have an internal battery backup. at&t will install
the wg. once the wg has been installed by at&t, you may not move the wg to a
different location or reposition at your address or any other address.

you agree that, while you continue to receive the service, neither you nor a
third party will move the equipment within your premises or to any other
physical location outside of the premises where it was installed by at&t. at&t
fixed wireless internet service is not designed to be nomadic and may not
function properly if the equipment is moved or altered by a non-at&t employee.
if you require the equipment to be moved while you continue to receive the
service, you must contact at&t. failure to do so may result in a failure of
the service and/or in at&t's termination of your service.

**_responsibility for and return of equipment_.** upon termination of your
service for any reason, at&t shall remain the owner of the wi-fi gateway, and
you must return the wi-fi gateway, undamaged, within 21 calendar days to at&t.
if the wi-fi gateway is not returned within 21 calendar days, or is returned
damaged, you will be charged for the replacement value of the wi-fi gateway.

although the outdoor antenna and aps will constitute at&t equipment during the
term of any fixed wireless internet service, you will be considered the owner
of the outdoor antenna and aps for all other purposes and you will not need to
return the outdoor antenna and aps to at&t upon termination of your fixed
wireless internet service. upon termination of your service for any reason,
the outdoor antenna and aps will remain where installed at your location and
you will be solely responsible for any and all future service, care,
maintenance and removal of the outdoor antenna and aps. service, care,
maintenance and removal of the outdoor antenna and aps should be performed
only by an experienced professional; you should not attempt to perform such
activities yourself. at&t shall have no ongoing duty, obligation, or
responsibility to perform any service, care, or maintenance on the outdoor
antenna and/or aps or to uninstall or remove the outdoor antenna and/or aps
after termination of the service. at&t shall have no liability to you or any
other person or entity related to or arising out of the outdoor antenna and/or
aps. you agree to indemnify and hold at&t and its subsidiaries, affiliates,
officers, agents, licensors, employees, sub-contractors, and partners harmless
from any claim or demand, made after termination of service, arising out of or
related to the outdoor antenna and/or aps, including, but not limited to,
claims for personal injury, property damage, wear and tear, or equipment
degradation.

**_service availability and limitations_.** fixed wireless internet service
will not be available in all areas at all times. many factors can affect the
availability and quality of your fixed wireless internet service, including,
but not limited to, capacity limitations such as network capacity, terrain,
buildings, foliage, and weather. fixed wireless internet service is delivered
via cell sites in at&t's wireless network. each cell site can support only a
limited number of subscribers. these capacity limitations may mean that fixed
wireless internet may be identified as available at the time of ordering but
may not prove to be available at the time scheduled for installation.

fixed wireless internet service is not compatible with analog services,
including, but not limited to, wireless messaging services, alarm and security
systems, fax machines, medical alert and monitoring services, credit card
machines, ip/pbx phone systems, or dial-up internet. fixed wireless internet
service may not be compatible with dvr/satellite systems; check with your
provider. public ip addresses are not used or available through fixed wireless
internet service. services like web hosting, or hosted services, such as
cameras, gaming systems, peer-to-peer file sharing, etc., that require a
public ip address are not supported.

fixed wireless internet service may be interrupted, delayed, or otherwise
limited for a variety of reasons, including environmental conditions,
unavailability of radio frequency channels, system capacity, network
management, priority access by national security and emergency preparedness
personnel in the event of a disaster or emergency, coordination with other
systems, equipment modifications and repairs, and problems with the facilities
of interconnecting carriers.

fixed wireless internet service is also subject to the following service
limitations and/or capacity limitations:

  * proximity of antennas;
  * cell tower outage or site outage;
  * maintenance work at a cell tower;
  * use of capacity due to high number of users simultaneously using data intensive applications;
  * damage to the outdoor antenna or cables;
  * rotation of outdoor antenna from the optimum bearing;
  * device location outside the range of wi-fi gateway;
  * blockage of the signal between premise antenna and the cell tower (caused by artificial objects – building, barn, etc.);
  * improper installation or tampering with outdoor antenna; and
  * power outage.

**_prohibited network uses_.** our wireless network is a shared resource,
which we manage for the benefit of all of our customers. to ensure the
activities of some users do not impair the ability of our customers to have
access to reliable services provided at reasonable costs, certain activities
and uses are prohibited (prohibited network uses). these prohibit network uses
are in addition to and not in lieu of the requirements set forth in at&t’s
acceptable use policy. we may take any and all reasonable actions necessary to
restrict any prohibited network uses, including those addressed in at&t’s
acceptable use policy and/or any use in a manner that:

  * hinders other customers' access to the wireless network;
  * involves the installation or similar mechanism to originate, amplify, enhance, retransmit or generate a radio frequency signal without our permission;
  * negatively affects our network or compromises network security or capacity;
  * excessively and disproportionately contributes to network congestion;
  * adversely impacts network service levels or legitimate data flows;
  * degrades network performance; or
  * causes harm to the network or other customers.

**please note: as of the effective date of these terms, the contact telephone
number for assistance with fixed wireless internet issue has been changed from
855.483.3063 to 800.288.2020. calls to 855.483.3063 will be forwarded for a
short period of time on a transitional basis but all future calls regarding
fixed wireless internet should be made to 800.288.2020.**

## schedule 4 - dsl internet service

" **dsl service** " or " **dsl internet service** " refers to any internet
service provided through traditional digital subscriber line technology, which
may include services sold under the names at&t high speed internet, at&t high
speed internet business, fastaccess dsl and/or fastaccess business dsl,
individually or collectively.

(note: internet services sold under the name at&t high speed internet included
both dsl services and ip broadband services. if you are unsure which applies
to your internet service, please contact us for more information.)

in addition to those terms contained in the body of this agreement, the
following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving dsl
service. where applicable, and except as otherwise specified, these terms will
modify the terms contained in the body of the agreement solely with respect to
dsl service. in the event of a conflict between these terms and terms
contained within the body of this agreement, the following terms will apply
solely with respect to the dsl service.

**_termination of local wireline voice service_.** if you change or terminate
your at&t local wireline voice service, we may in our discretion either
terminate your dsl service or continue to provide it at the then-current
rates, terms, and conditions. you agree to pay any new or higher monthly fees
that may apply to your new dsl service after termination of the wireline voice
service. if at&t elects to terminate your dsl service, we reserve the right to
charge any applicable early termination fees.

**_capacity limitations_.** dsl internet services are particularly subject to
limits upon availability due to capacity limitations. if dsl internet services
are suspended or terminated at your locations for any reason, at&t cannot
guarantee that you will be able to subsequently renew or restore dsl internet
service at that location.

**_conversion from dsl service to at &t internet service_.** when at&t is able
to provision at&t ip broadband internet service at your location, we may, in
our discretion, discontinue your dsl service and make available to you at&t ip
broadband internet service at the then applicable rates, terms, and
conditions, which may differ from your previous dsl service rates, terms, and
conditions (including bundle discounts). if you are on a term plan and your
price will increase as a result of this conversion, you will not have to pay
any applicable early termination fee if you elect to cancel dsl service
instead of receiving ip broadband internet service.

in the event that you elect to receive at&t ip broadband internet service,
your new internet service may require different at&t equipment.

when you are selected for conversion, we will provide at least thirty days'
notice of the discontinuation or suspension of your service via email, direct
mail, bill page message, or bill insert. thirty days after such notice, we may
at our sole discretion, either disconnect your service or temporarily suspend
your service for up to fifteen days.

**_billing_.** credit card billing may not be available for at&t high speed
internet direct.

## schedule 5 - dial up internet

" **dial up internet** " refers to any internet service provided through dial-
up internet access, such as at&t dial and/or bellsouth® dial internet service,
individually or collectively.

in addition to those terms contained in the body of this agreement, the
following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving dial
up internet service. where applicable, and except as otherwise specified,
these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the agreement
solely with respect to dial up internet service. in the event of a conflict
between these terms and terms contained within the body of this agreement, the
following terms will apply solely with respect to the dial up internet
service.

**_speed_.** at&t dial up internet is a narrow band internet service. at&t
makes no commitment with respect to the speed of dial up internet. speed is
entirely dependent upon customer equipment utilized to access the at&t dial up
internet service.

**_ip addresses_.** at&t dial up internet service supports ipv4 only: it does
not support ipv6.

**_dial-up access options and toll charges_.** at&t will provide telephone
numbers to connect to or register for the service. depending on location,
local access numbers for dial-up internet access may not be available in your
area. even access numbers in your area code may result in toll, usage, or long
distance charges. please check with your local phone company to determine
whether additional charges apply. you are responsible for selecting the best
number for you and for all telephone fees and charges associated with the use
of the telephone number you select. in no event will at&t be responsible for
any telephone fees or charges incurred as a result of the telephone number you
select. use of the service (or portions thereof) and of specific telephone
numbers is subject to change or interruption at the discretion of the
telecommunication company or at&t.

**_termination of dial service_.** monthly recurring charges for dial service
are not prorated. if you disconnect, cancel, move to another price plan, or
are suspended by at&t prior to the end of your monthly billing cycle, you will
be charged for the entire period of you billing cycle of service. if you
upgrade your at&t dial service to an at&t internet service your dial charges
will be prorated.

## schedule 6

**_business internet services_**

**_additional terms and conditions applicable only to business internet
services_**

in addition to those terms contained in the body of this agreement, the
following additional terms apply to customers purchasing and/or receiving
business internet services. where applicable, and except as otherwise
specified, these terms will modify the terms contained in the body of the
agreement solely with respect to business internet services. in the event of a
conflict between these terms and terms contained within the body of this
agreement, the following terms will apply solely with respect to the business
internet services.

" **business internet services** " include at&t business fiber, at&t internet
for business, at&t high speed internet business edition, at&t high speed
internet business edition direct, at&t internet for business, fastaccess
business dsl, fastaccess business dsl direct and at&t internet for business on
demand.

### 1\. _inside wire._

when ordering at&t internet service, you will be responsible for obtaining
inside wire (iw) in the form of copper wire or fiber optic cable between the
at&t network termination interface at your building and the gateway equipment
located at the customer premises. you may have the option of requesting iw
from at&t or installing your own iw. if you elect to install your own iw, the
iw must be installed and available for use by at&t technicians before you
order at&t internet service. if inside wire service is requested from at&t, it
is customer's full responsibility to obtain landlord permission or approvals
for such inside wiring. for at&t internet for business (fiber-based only), any
determination of whether the inside wire work will be provided by you or at&t
will be made at the time the installation technician is dispatched and surveys
the job.

### 2\. _inside wire - disclaimer of warranties._

if inside wire is provided by at&t, customer will upon completion of
installation have full ownership and responsibility for such inside wire. **at
&t makes no warranty to customer or any other party for any work or materials
constituting or associated with any inside wire. at&t expressly disclaims any
warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular use, and at&t has no
responsibility to maintain, update, repair, replace, de-install, or remove any
installed inside wire.**

### 3\. local wi-fi.

depending upon the internet service you purchase, your internet service may
include wi-fi enabled local area networking equipment ("wi-fi equipment") in
order to help you allow wi-fi enabled devices to wirelessly connect to your
internet service ("local wi-fi"). (see the applicable schedule for details
about what kind of wi-fi networking equipment many be included with the
particular internet service you are purchasing.)

in order to use local wi-fi, you must have wi-fi enabled devices that (a) meet
u.s. and wifi alliance standards; (b) are compatible with the wi-fi network
being generated by the applicable wi-fi equipment; and (c) are capable of
running ip and related protocols. the wi-fi enabled device you are utilizing
must be in close enough proximity to the wi-fi equipment to achieve
connectivity with the local wi-fi. actual local wi-fi coverage and quality may
vary depending upon the location of the wi-fi equipment, the location of the
applicable wi-fi enabled device and conditions in and around the premises in
which both the equipment and the wi-fi enabled device operate.

local wi-fi is designed to provide you with the highest speed available from
the network at any given point in time, subject to the many different factors
that can affect network performance. at&t’s most recent generation of wi-fi
equipment generally supports the ieee 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac standard, although
older wi-fi equipment may only support the ieee 802.11b or ieee 80.11b/g
standards. the theoretical maximum speed you may be capable of achieving from
your home wi-fi will depend heavily on which ieee 802.11 standard is supported
by the wi-fi equipment you have as well as which ieee 802.11 standard is
supported by the particular device you are utilizing. (by way of example only,
ieee 802.11b offers a theoretical maximum of 11 mbps while ieee 802.11n offers
a theoretical maximum of 600 mbps. even if the wi-fi equipment at your
location is capable of supporting ieee 802.11n, if you are utilizing an older
device that is only capable of supporting the older ieee 802.11b standard your
theoretical maximum speed will be limited to 11 mbps.)

although the ieee 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac standards have theoretical maximum speeds
ranging from over ten mbps to over a gigabit per second, depending on which
standard applies, actual wi-fi speeds will be substantially lower than the
theoretical maximum speeds which describe the physical throughput rate
including wi-fi protocol communications. the result is that the maximum you
can receive may not exceed 40%-50% of the theoretical maximum wi-fi standard
speed and may be significantly lower depending on other applicable factors. in
addition to the factors discussed above, the actual speed you experience over
wi-fi will depend in part on the speed of the connection between the wi-fi
network you are accessing and the destination you want to reach on the
internet, which may be significantly below the theoretical maximum speed of
the service. (by way of example only, if you order at&t internet 25, with a
download speed range of between 15 mbps and 25 mbps according to the at&t
speed tier page, even if the wi-fi equipment at your location and the device
you are utilizing are both capable of supporting the ieee 802.11n standard
with a theoretical maximum speed of 600 mbps, the theoretical maximum internet
download speed with your device connected to your local wi-fi will never
exceed 25 mbps.)

### 4\. local area network management.

although at&t reserves the right to manage any equipment used to access any
internet service, you are solely responsible for all security measures over
your internal network, including any iw, local area network(s) and/or wi-fi
equipment. that includes, but is not limited to, access to authorization codes
or passwords, as well as any encryption you deem necessary or required. at&t
may provide you with tools or software to assist you in managing one or more
aspects of your internal network (which software would then be included in the
term "software" as used herein below), but you remain solely responsible for
all aspects of your network, including any activity by employees, customers or
other guests that you may allow (either intentionally or unintentionally,
through lack of adequate security measures) to access your internet services
via your local area network and/or local wi-fi. for that reason, at&t
recommends that you take all necessary measures to ensure adequate network
security and to closely monitor use of your internet services and your local
network by anyone accessing your network.

### 5\. _service guides._

**if you are an at &t fastaccess business dsl customer, or an at&t high speed
internet business edition customer, you are also subject to the terms set
forth in the service guides for these services, which are incorporated herein
by reference and may be found at:**

  * <http://serviceguidenew.att.com/sg_flashplayerpage/fadsl> (fast access® business dsl)
  * <http://serviceguidenew.att.com/sg_flashplayerpage/hsi> (at&t high speed internet business edition)

### 6\. _reimbursement for time, materials and expenses._

if customer cancels an order for or terminates any service or service
component (other than as permitted for default by at&t), or at&t cancels an
order for or terminates any service or service component for cause, prior to
its service commencement date, customer will reimburse at&t for time,
materials, and expenses incurred prior to the effective date of such
cancellation or termination, plus any third-party charges resulting from the
cancelation or termination.

### 7\. _arbitration agreement:_

at&t and you ("we") agree to resolve all disputes between us through binding
arbitration administered by the american arbitration association ("aaa") under
its commercial arbitration rules, as modified by this provision.

this agreement to arbitrate is broad, and includes disputes of any type
between at&t (including its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, predecessors,
successors, and assigns) and you (including authorized or unauthorized
users/beneficiaries of services or devices) under this or prior agreements.
**we agree that we are waiving the right to a trial by jury, to participate in
a class action, or to seek remedies beyond the extent necessary to provide
individualized relief to, and affecting only, at &t or you alone. we agree not
to act as a plaintiff or class member in any purported or de facto class or
representative proceeding, or as a private attorney general or on behalf of
the general public.** except for matters relating to arbitrability or to the
scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision or the interpretation of
the limitations on class, representative, private attorney general, and non-
individualized relief, all issues are for the arbitrator to decide.

a party seeking arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a
written notice of dispute ("notice"). notice to at&t must be addressed to:
office of dispute resolution, at&t, 1025 lenox park blvd., atlanta, ga 30319
("notice address"). the notice must: (a) describe the basis of the claim or
dispute; (b) describe the specific relief sought ("demand"); and, (c) provide
your at&t account number. if we do not resolve the claim within 30 days after
receipt of the notice, either of us may commence an arbitration. the amount of
any settlement offer made by at&t or you shall not be disclosed to the
arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount of any award on
the merits.

unless we agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the
county of your billing address. at&t will pay all aaa filing, administration,
and arbitrator fees for a claim brought by at&t or for a claim or demand
valued at up to $25,000 brought by you. if the arbitrator finds that your
claim or demand is frivolous or is brought for an improper purpose (as
measured by the standards in federal rule of civil procedure 11(b)), then the
payment of fees will be governed by the aaa rules and you agree to reimburse
at&t for fees already paid by at&t that are your obligation under the aaa
rules.

if you complied with the notice procedures above; the value of your claim or
demand is $25,000 or less; and the arbitrator awards you an amount greater
than the value of at&t's last written settlement offer made before an
arbitrator was selected (or any amount if at&t made no offer), at&t will:

  * pay you the award or $10,000, whichever is greater ("alternative payment"); and
  * pay your attorney, if any, the amount of attorneys' fees and expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("attorney award").

the arbitrator may rule on the payment of fees, expenses, and the alternative
payment and attorney award during the proceeding and within 14 days after
his/her final ruling on the merits. in assessing whether the award is greater
than the value of the last written settlement offer by at&t, the arbitrator
may consider only those attorneys' fees or expenses that you incurred through
the date of your notice and which had been awarded to you. you may also
recover attorneys' fees and expenses under applicable law, but you may not
recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or expenses.

this agreement evidences a transaction in interstate commerce, and the federal
arbitration act governs. this arbitration provision survives termination of
this agreement. as the exclusive alternative to arbitration, at&t or you may
commence an individual action in small claims court. if a court rejects
enforcement of any of the limitations on class, representative, private
attorney general, or non- individualized relief as to a particular claim for
relief, then that claim (and only that claim) must be severed from the
arbitration and may be brought in court. notwithstanding any provision in this
agreement to the contrary, we agree that if at&t makes any future change to
this arbitration provision (except a change to the notice address) during your
service commitment, you may reject any such change by sending at&t written
notice within 30 days of the change to the notice address. by rejecting any
future change, you agree to arbitrate any dispute in accordance with the
language of this provision.

if you are located in puerto rico, in addition to pursuing arbitration in
accordance with this provision, you may notify the telecommunications
regulatory board of puerto rico of your grievance. mail: 500 ave. roberto h.
tood (parada 18), san juan, puerto rico 00907-3941; phone: 787.756.0804 or
866.578.5500; online: jrtpr.gobierno.pr.

## schedule 7 — access from at&t

" **access from at &t**" refers to at&t's program designed to making low cost
wireline home internet service exclusively available to qualifying households
utilizing certain underlying internet services (as those terms are defined
below).

in addition to those terms contained in the body of this agreement, and those
terms applicable to the underlying internet service, the following additional
terms apply to customers participating in the access from at&t program. where
applicable, and except as otherwise specified, these terms will modify the
terms contained in the body of the agreement solely with respect to the access
from at&t program. in the event of a conflict between these terms and terms
contained within the body of this agreement, the following terms will apply
solely with respect to the access from at&t service.

**_qualifying households_.** for purposes of access from at&t, a "qualifying
household" refers to a) any individual or household with at least one resident
who participates in the u.s. supplemental nutrition assistance program (snap);
(b) with an address in at&t’s twenty one (21) state service area, at which we
offer wireline home internet service, and (c) no outstanding debt for at&t
fixed internet service of any kind within the last six (6) months and no
outstanding debt incurred under the access from at&t program. california
households with at least one resident who receives supplemental security
income (ssi) benefits also may qualify based on the same requirements that
apply to snap participants.

**_limited availability_.** access from at&t is only available to qualifying
households. if your residence is not a qualifying household, you are not
eligible for access from at&t.

**_underlying internet services_.** depending upon the facilities at the
location to which the service is being provided, access from at&t can be
provided via either dsl service or ip broadband internet service, which are
referred to as the “underlying internet service. qualifying households will be
provisioned with the highest speed tier underlying internet service available
based on the facilities at the applicable residence, based on the following
chart. the monthly price that you will be charged for your access from at&t
will depend on the underlying internet service you receive, as indicated
below.

service name | service type | download range | upload range | monthly price*  
---|---|---|---|---  
internet 12 | ipbb | 6.1-12 mbps | .512-1.5 mbps | $10 / month  
internet 10 | ipbb | 6-10 mbps | .6-1.0 mbps | $10 / month  
internet basic 6 | ipbb | 3.1-6.0 mbps | .512-1.0 mbps | $10 / month  
fastaccess dsl xtremepro  
high speed internet elite | dsl | 3.1-6.0 mbps | .512-1.0 mbps | $10 / month  
internet basic 5 | ipbb | 3-5 mbps | .6-1.0 mbps | $10 / month  
internet basic 3 | ipbb | 1.56-3.0 mbps | .384-1.0 mbps | $5 / month  
fastaccess dsl xtreme  
fastaccess dsl direct xtreme  
high speed internet pro | dsl | 1.56-3.0 mbps | .384-1.0 mbps | $5 / month  
internet basic 1.5 | ipbb | 1-1.5 mbps | .384-1.0 mbps | $5 / month  
fastaccess dsl ultra  
fastaccess dsl direct ultra  
high speed internet express | dsl | .769-1.5 mbps | 128-384 kbps | $5 / month  
internet basic 768 | ipbb | 200-768 kbps | 128-384 kbps | $5 / month  
fastaccess dsl lite  
fastaccess dsl direct lite  
high speed internet basic | dsl | 200-768 kbps | 128-384 kbps | $5 / month  
  
**_* prices are as of the effective date of this agreement only and may be
subject to change. please call 855.220.5211 or
visit<https://www.att.com/shop/internet/access/#/> for current prices._**

service availability and speed may vary by address. at&t will assign you the
fastest speed tier underlying internet service available where you live, which
shall be at at&t’s sole discretion.

if none of the speeds identified in the chart above are technically available
at your address, you will not be able to participate in the access from at&t
program.

**_underlying internet service terms_.** other terms applicable to your access
for at&t program will depend on underlying internet service you receive. in
general, you will be subject to all the terms applicable to the service type
into which your underlying internet service falls. however, notwithstanding
the applicable underlying internet service terms, qualifying households who
participate in the access for at&t program will not be required to

(1) make any annual or monthly term commitments.  
(2) provide a deposit in order to initiate installation or activation of the
underlying internet service; or  
(3) pay an installation fee associated with the installation of the underlying
internet service

**_additional equipment for access from at &t customers_.** at&t will make
available to you certain equipment for use in connection with your access from
at&t service, which may include a wi-fi gateway ("wg") located inside your
premises.

the wg is installed inside your premises and is required for the service to
function. a wg allows multiple devices to connect and communicate to the
internet wirelessly. smartphones, tablets and laptops are common devices that
access the internet through a wg. a wg resides indoors and has a power cord
that plugs into a common electrical outlet. a battery backup is recommended in
case of a power outage. some wgs have an external battery backup while others
have an internal battery backup.

at&t is the owner of the wg. upon termination of your service for any reason,
at&t shall remain the owner of the wg, and you must return the wg, undamaged,
within 21 calendar days to at&t. if the wg is not returned within 21 calendar
days, or is returned damaged, you will be charged for the replacement value of
the wg.

