# wireless customer agreement ("agreement")

### documents

  * [policy center home](/legal/legal-policy-center.html)
  * [general policies](/legal/general-policies.html)
  * ▼

[ wireless](/legal/wireless.html)

  * [wireless customer agreement](/legal/terms.wirelesscustomeragreement-list.html)
  * ►

[ customer agreement and plans - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/wireless/prepaid-
agreements-terms.html)

  * [terms of service - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/terms.prepaidserviceagreement.html)
  * [plan terms - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/terms.prepaidplanterms.html)
  * [at&t; prepaid℠ autopay terms for customers enrolled effective 4/24/17](/legal/terms.prepaidautopayterms.html)
  * [at&t; prepaid℠ autopay terms for customers enrolled prior to 4/24/17](/legal/terms.prepaidautopaytermsprior04242017.html)
  * [data services agreement](/legal/terms.sessionbasedwirelessdataservicesagreement.list.html)
  * [applications, services, and features](/legal/wireless/applications-services-features.html)
  * ►

[ policies and processes](/legal/wireless/general-wireless-policies-
processes.html)

  * [at&t; maps and coverage area information](http://www.att.com/maps/wireless-coverage.html)
  * [upgrade advantage(sm)](http://www.att.com/shop/wireless/upgrade-advantage.html )
  * [information on wireless telephones and health](/legal/terms.informationonwirelesstelephonesandhealth.html)
  * [online pricing ](/legal/terms.onlineprice.html)
  * [returns policy and early termination fee ](http://www.att.com/shop/wireless/returnpolicy.html )
  * [shipping information](/legal/terms.shippinginformation.html)
  * [warranty exchange program terms and conditions](/legal/terms.exhibitr.html)
  * [paperless billing disclosures ](/legal/terms.exhibitv.html)
  * [other charges applicable to wireless services](/legal/terms.otherchargesapplicabletowireless.html)
  * ►

at&t next

  * [privacy notice for at&t; next installment agreements](/legal/terms.attnextprivacypolicy.html)
  * [retail installment agreement](/legal/terms.deviceinstallmentplan.html)
  * [business](/legal/business.html)
  * [digital life®](/legal/digital-life.html)
  * [at&t; tv](/legal/att-tv.html)
  * [directv](/legal/directv.html)
  * [home phone](/legal/home-phone.html)
  * [internet & email](/legal/internet-and-email.html)
  * [u-verse® tv and at&t; phone](/legal/uverse-tv.html)

print

"at&t" or "we," "us," or "our" refers to at&t mobility llc, acting on behalf
of its affiliates doing business as at&t or other brands owned by at&t or
at&t’s assignee or successor. "you" or "your" refers to the person or entity
that is the customer of record.

**please read this agreement carefully to ensure that you understand each
provision, including our use of your location information (see section 3.6).
this agreement requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to
resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limits
the remedies available to you in the event of a dispute.**

this agreement, including the at&t privacy policy located at
[att.com/privacy](https://www.att.com/privacy), customer service summary, and
terms of service for wireless products, features, applications, and services
(including content and other at&t services included with your wireless
service) ("services") not otherwise described herein that are posted on
applicable at&t websites or devices, and any documents expressly referred to
herein or therein, make up the complete agreement between you and at&t and
supersede any and all prior agreements and understandings relating to the
subject matter of this agreement.

at&t's wireless network may provide broadband access to the internet. for more
information about how at&t helps transmit information to points on the
internet and how we manage our network, please see the broadband information
page which can be found at:
[www.att.com/broadbandinfo](https://www.att.com/broadbandinfo).

### 1.0 term commitment, charges, billing and payment

#### 1.1 _what is the term of my service? how can i fulfill my service
commitment? what are my rights to cancel service and terminate my agreement?_

at&t wireless service(s) may be used with: (a) a mobile device that contains a
sim that is assigned to your account ("device") and/or, (b) a device that is
designed and purchased for use exclusively on at&t's network ("equipment").

##### term of service.

your agreement begins on the day we activate your service(s) and continues
through the term of service, typically a 12 month or 24 month period ("service
commitment"), specified on your customer service summary. at the end of your
service commitment this agreement will **automatically continue on a month-to-
month basis.**   if your agreement has no service commitment, **it is a month-
to-month agreement. the month-to-month agreement will continue until you
cancel service.** see [att.com/howtocancel](http://att.com/howtocancel) for
details on how to cancel.

##### device activation.

if you purchased a device that was shipped to you, you agree to activate the
device within seven (7) days of the shipment date. if your device is not
activated by you, we may activate the device for you within a month of
shipping and your monthly recurring charges, and any applicable service
commitment, will begin.

##### fulfillment of service commitment.

you have received certain benefits from us in exchange for your service
commitment, which may include, but are not limited to, a subsidized wireless
device. there are two alternative ways to fulfill your service commitment. you
can pay for the services described in your customer service summary for the
term of your service commitment, or you can terminate your agreement prior to
the end of your service commitment and pay an early termination fee ("etf").
the early termination fee is not a penalty, but rather is an alternative means
for you to perform your obligations under the agreement that partially
compensates us for the fact that the service commitment on which your rate
plan is based was not completed.

##### your termination rights.

within the first 14 days after service activation, you may terminate your
agreement for any reason and not be required to pay an etf. if you terminate
within three (3) days of accepting the agreement, at&t will refund your
activation fee, if any. however, you agree to pay at&t for all fees, charges,
and other amounts incurred and owed under your agreement, and you agree to
return to at&t any equipment you purchased from at&t in connection with your
service commitment. if you fail to return this equipment, you will be charged
the difference between the amount you paid at&t for the equipment and the
amount you would have been charged for the equipment had you not agreed to a
service commitment. at&t also may charge you a restocking fee for any returned
equipment. some dealers may impose additional fees.

after the first 14 days, you may terminate your agreement for any reason.
however, you agree to pay at&t for all fees, charges, and other amounts
incurred and owed under your agreement along with the applicable etf. the
early termination fee is either: (a) $325 or (b) $150. the etf reduces each
full month of your service commitment that you complete. to determine whether
your equipment has a $325 early termination fee or a $150 early termination
fee, and the amount of reduction, check
[att.com/equipmentetf](https://www.att.com/equipmentetf).

after your service commitment ends and you are on a month-to-month agreement,
you may terminate your agreement at any time with 30 days notice without
incurring an etf. if you sign a new agreement before the end of the term of
your existing agreement and terminate that new agreement within 14 days as
allowed above, you agree that you will be bound by the terms and conditions of
your existing agreement including fulfillment of any remaining service
commitment thereunder.

#### 1.2 _what are at &t's rights to cancel my service(s) and terminate my
agreement?_

at&t may interrupt, suspend or cancel your services and terminate your
agreement without advance notice for any reason including, but not limited to,
the following:

  * any conduct that we believe violates this agreement or at&t's acceptable use policy;
  * any conduct that involves the use of abusive, derogatory, insulting, threatening, vulgar or similarly unreasonable language or behavior directed at any of our employees or representatives whether it be in person, over the phone, or in writing;
  * any abusive use of our network or services;
  * you use your device/equipment and/or our services for an unlawful or fraudulent purpose;
  * you use your device/equipment and/or our services in any way that: (a) is harmful to, interferes with, or negatively affects our network, other customers, or the network of any other provider, (b) is harmful to, interferes with, or negatively affects our services or operations, (c) infringes intellectual property rights of at&t or others, (d) results in the publication of threatening, offensive or illegal material, or (e) generates spam or other abusive messaging or calling, a security risk, or a violation of privacy;
  * you resell our services either alone or as part of any other good or service;
  * upon receipt of an order by a state or federal agency;
  * you fail to make all required payments when due;
  * your credit has deteriorated and/or we believe that there is a risk of non-payment;
  * you refuse to pay any required advance payment or deposit;
  * we discover that you are underage;
  * you provide inaccurate or misleading credit information; or
  * you modify your device from its manufacturer's specifications.

at&t's rights under this section 1.2 are in addition to any specific rights
that we reserve in other provisions of this agreement to interrupt, suspend,
modify, or cancel your services and terminate your agreement.

after your service commitment ends and you are on a month-to-month agreement,
at&t may terminate your agreement at any time with 30 days notice.

#### 1.3 _can at &t change my terms and rates?_

from time to time we might make changes to this agreement. this could include
charges, discounts, coverage, technologies, and other service terms. we commit
that we’ll provide you with notice either in your monthly bill or separately
at least 30 days before we make any materially adverse change. so, for
instance, if we increase your rate plan or the price of any of your services
more than what we’ve previously told you (such as in your customer service
summary) those would be materially adverse changes. but, not all changes are
materially adverse. for example, here is a list of some changes that are not
materially adverse: (1) increases to international roaming rates; (2)
increases to charges for international long distance rates; (3) increases to
at&t fees and taxes imposed by the government and passed on to you; and (4)
changes to surcharges and regulatory cost recovery charges that do not exceed
the limits set forth in your agreement. we also want you to know that, if we
make a materially adverse change during your service commitment (if any), you
can cancel impacted service without paying an early termination fee. **but,
you do need to notify us of your desire to cancel service at the following
address within 30 days of receiving the notice: at &t, po box 10330, fort
wayne, in 46851.**

#### 1.4 _how will i receive my bill? what charges am i responsible for? how
much time do i have to dispute my bill?_

you will receive an electronic (paperless) bill at at&t's online account
management site unless you tell us you want a paper bill. you will be given
the option to choose electronic billing or paper billing when you purchase
service. each month we will send you an email notice when your electronic bill
is available online. this will be sent to your official email address on file
with at&t. you are required to keep your email address current and to notify
us immediately of any change in your email address. you always have the option
of switching back to a paper bill by changing your billing preferences at
at&t's online account management site. you will not receive a paper bill in
the mail unless you expressly request one.

you are responsible for paying all charges for or resulting from services
provided under this agreement, including any activation fee that may apply to
each voice or data line. you will receive monthly bills that are due in full.

if you dispute any charges on your bill, you must notify us in writing at at&t
bill dispute, 1025 lenox park, atlanta, ga 30319 within 100 days of the date
of the bill or you'll have waived your right to dispute the bill and to
participate in any legal action raising such dispute.

charges include, without limitation, airtime, roaming, recurring monthly
service, activation, administrative, and late payment charges; regulatory cost
recovery and other surcharges; optional feature charges; toll, collect call
and directory assistance charges; restoral and reactivation charges; any other
charges or calls billed to your phone number; and applicable taxes and
governmental fees, whether assessed directly upon you or upon at&t.

to determine your primary place of use ("ppu") and which jurisdiction's taxes
and assessments to collect, you're required to provide us with your
residential or business street address. if you don't provide us with such
address, or if it falls outside our licensed services area, we may reasonably
designate a ppu within the licensed services area for you. you must live and
have a mailing address within at&t's owned network coverage area or its
assignee’s or successor’s.

**auto bill pay:** **_if you enroll your account for automatic bill payments
(“auto bill pay”), you authorized at &t to charge your debit/credit card or
bank account automatically to pay your monthly statements,_** as well as any
unpaid balances and fees if your at&t service is disconnected. **_you can
cancel your authorization for auto bill pay by unenrolling from autopay
at[att.com/myatt](http://att.com/myatt/) or by calling 1-800-288-2020._**  you
should also contact your card issuer or financial institution to advise that
you have cancelled your enrollment. you will lose any promotional credits
associated with your account if you opt out from auto bill pay.

**payment upon cancellation:** if you were required to provide a credit or
debit card to establish service, you acknowledge you have the authority to
authorize charges to that card. this may or may not be the same credit or
debit card used for auto bill pay. by giving us your credit or debit card
information, which you can change at any time by contacting us, you authorize
us to apply this method of payment, in accordance with applicable law, to
satisfy any and all amounts due upon cancellation of service. you also
acknowledge and agree that you are required to maintain current credit or
debit card information with us and agree to notify us whenever there is a
change in such information, such as a change in the card number or the
expiration date and, additionally, that at&t may obtain such updated
information through payment card networks, card issuers or other third party
sources to which you may have been required to provide credit or debit card
information.

#### 1.5 _how does at &t calculate my bill?_

usage and monthly fees will be billed as specified in your customer service
summary or rate plan information online. if the equipment you order is shipped
to you, your services may be activated before you take delivery of the
equipment so that you can use it promptly upon receipt. thus, you may be
charged for services while your equipment is still in transit. if, upon
receiving your first bill, you have been charged for services while your
equipment was in transit, you may contact customer care 1-800-331-0500 to
request a credit. except as provided below, monthly services and certain other
charges are billed one month in advance, and there is no proration of such
charges if service is terminated on other than the last day of your billing
cycle. monthly service and certain other charges are billed in arrears if
you're a former customer of at&t wireless and maintain uninterrupted service
on select at&t rate plans, however, if you elect to receive your bills for
your services combined with your wireline phone bill (where available) you
will be billed in advance as provided above. you agree to pay for all services
used with your device.

airtime and other measured usage ("chargeable time") is billed in full-minute
increments, and actual airtime and usage are rounded up to the next full-
minute increment at the end of each call for billing purposes. at&t charges a
full minute of airtime usage for every fraction of the last minute of airtime
used on each wireless call. unless otherwise provided in your plan, minutes
will be depleted according to usage in the following order: night and weekend
minutes, mobile to mobile minutes, anytime minutes and rollover, except that
minutes that are part of both a limited package and an unlimited package will
not be depleted from the limited package. chargeable time begins for outgoing
calls when you press send (or similar key) and for incoming calls when a
signal connection from the caller is established with our facilities.
chargeable time ends after you press end (or similar key), but not until your
wireless telephone's signal of call disconnect is received by our facilities
and the call disconnect signal has been confirmed.

all outgoing calls for which we receive answer supervision or which have at
least 30 seconds of chargeable time, including ring time, shall incur a
minimum of one minute airtime charge. answer supervision is generally received
when a call is answered; however, answer supervision may also be generated by
voicemail systems, private branch exchanges, and interexchange switching
equipment. chargeable time may include time for us to recognize that only one
party has disconnected from the call, time to clear the channels in use, and
ring time. chargeable time may also occur from other uses of our facilities,
including by way of example, voicemail deposits and retrievals, and call
transfers. calls that begin in one rate period and end in another rate period
may be billed in their entirety at the rates for the period in which the call
began.

data transport or usage is calculated in full-kilobyte increments, and actual
transport or usage is rounded up to the next full-kilobyte increment at the
end of each data session for billing purposes. at&t calculates a full kilobyte
of data transport/usage for every fraction of the last kilobyte of data
transport/usage used on each data session. transport or usage is billed either
by the kilobyte ("kb") or megabyte ("mb"). if billed by mb, the full kbs
calculated for each data session during the billing period are totaled and
rounded up to next full mb increment to determine billing. if billed by kb,
the full kbs calculated for each data session during the billing period are
totaled to determine billing. network overhead, software update requests,
email notifications, and resend requests caused by network errors can increase
measured kilobytes. data transport/usage occurs whenever your device is
connected to our network and is engaged in any data transmission, as discussed
in more detail in section 6.4.

if you select a rate plan that includes a predetermined allotment of services
(for example, a predetermined amount of airtime, megabytes or messages),
unless otherwise specifically provided as a part of such rate plan, any unused
allotment of services from one billing cycle will not carry over to any other
billing cycle. we may bill you in a format as we determine from time to time.
additional charges may apply for additional copies of your bill, or for
detailed information about your usage of services.

**delayed billing:** billing of usage for calls, messages, data or other
services (such as usage when roaming on other carriers' networks, including
internationally) may occasionally be delayed. such usage charges may appear in
a later billing cycle, will be deducted from anytime monthly minutes or other
services allotments for the month when the usage is actually billed, and may
result in additional charges for that month. those minutes will be applied
against your anytime monthly minutes in the month in which the calls appear on
your bill. you also remain responsible for paying your monthly service fee if
your service is suspended for nonpayment. we may require payment by money
order, cashier's check, or a similarly secure form of payment at our
discretion.

#### 1.6 _are advance payments and/or deposits required?_

we may require you to make deposits or advance payments for services, which we
may offset against any unpaid balance on your account. interest won't be paid
on advance payments or deposits unless required by law. we may require
additional advance payments or deposits if we determine that the initial
payment was inadequate. based on your creditworthiness as we determine it, we
may establish a credit limit and restrict services or features. if your
account balance goes beyond the limit we set for you, we may immediately
interrupt or suspend services until your balance is brought below the limit.
any charges you incur in excess of your limit become immediately due. if you
have more than one account with us, you must keep all accounts in good
standing to maintain services. if one account is past due or over its limit,
all accounts in your name are subject to interruption or termination and all
other available collection remedies.

#### 1.7 _what if i fail to pay my at &t bill when it is due?_

you agree that for each bill not paid in full by the due date, at&t may charge
and you will pay a late payment fee. restrictive endorsements are void.

you expressly authorize, and specifically consent to allowing, at&t and/or its
outside collection agencies, outside counsel, or other agents to contact you
in connection with any and all matters relating to unpaid past due charges
billed by at&t to you. you agree that, for attempts to collect unpaid past due
charges, such contact may be made to any mailing address, telephone number,
cellular phone number, e-mail address, or any other electronic address that
you have provided, or may in the future provide, to at&t. you agree and
acknowledge that any e-mail address or any other electronic address that you
provide to at&t is your private address and is not accessible to unauthorized
third parties. for attempts to collect unpaid charges, you agree that in
addition to individual persons attempting to communicate directly with you,
any type of contact described above may be made using, among other methods,
pre-recorded or artificial voice messages delivered by an automatic telephone
dialing system, pre-set e-mail messages delivered by an automatic e-mailing
system, or any other pre-set electronic messages delivered by any other
automatic electronic messaging system.

#### 1.8 _what happens if my check bounces?_

we'll charge you up to $30 (depending on applicable law) for any check or
other instrument (including credit card charge backs) returned unpaid for any
reason.

#### 1.9 _are there business or government benefits?_

you may receive or be eligible for certain discounts, credits, promotions, and
other benefits ("benefits") through a business or government customer's
agreement with us ("business agreement"). all such benefits are provided to
you solely as a result of the corresponding business agreement, and may be
modified or terminated without notice. you may also be eligible for certain
additional rate plans and/or other services. please see
<https://www.att.com/iru-additional-terms> for such services and the
associated additional terms, which are hereby incorporated by reference.

if a business or government entity pays your charges or is otherwise liable
for the charges, you authorize us to share your account information with it or
its authorized agents. if you use service(s) and/or receive certain benefits
tied to a business agreement with us, but you're liable for your own charges,
then you authorize us to share enough account information with it or its
authorized agents to verify your continuing eligibility for those services or
benefits.

you may receive benefits because of your agreement to have the charges for
your services, billed ("joint billing") by a wireline company affiliated with
at&t ("affiliate") or because you subscribe to certain services provided by an
affiliate. if you cancel joint billing or the affiliate service your rates
will be adjusted without notice to a rate plan for which you qualify.

#### 1.10 _who can access my account and for what purpose?_  

you are responsible for any activity that occurs on or through your at&t
account. we do not guarantee the security of your at&t account, so please
ensure that your credentials for accessing or using your accounts, such as
your passwords, personal identification numbers, social security number, or
other personal information are secure. if you learn of any unauthorized use of
any at&t account, please contact us immediately at the phone number found at
att.com/contactus/index.html.  y _ou_ agree that **at &t is not responsible
for losses incurred as a result of your or a third party’s use of using your
at&t wireless number as a source of authentication or verification **in
connection with any social media, email, financial, cryptocurrency or other
account.

you may add an authorized/approved user to your account. doing so authorizes
us to provide the authorized/approved user with information about, and access
to, your account. authorized/approved users include:

  * (a) a person authorized by you to act on your behalf with respect to your account when the person is in a retail store;
  * (b) a person who calls into customer service and provides sufficient account information; and
  * (c) a person who registers for secondary access to your account in at&t's online account management system, provides sufficient account information, and has access to a device that is billed to your account.

authorized/approved users can view your account and payment information, make
changes to the plans under your account, purchase devices including via
financing agreements, add new lines of service, and perform other account
functions. you are responsible for all changes made or actions taken by
authorized/approved users.

by taking these actions as your agent, authorized/approved users authorize us
to perform a credit check on you, share your credit information between us and
our affiliates, and obtain a credit report on you from a consumer reporting
agency.

you may remove an authorized/approved user at any time by contacting us. the
removal will take effect after we have a reasonable opportunity to process the
request. if you remove an authorized/approved user, we recommend that you
reset your account passcode and online credentials.

you consent to the use by us or our authorized agents of regular mail,
predictive or autodialing equipment, email, text messaging, facsimile or other
reasonable means to contact you to advise you about our services or other
matters we believe may be of interest to you. in any event, we reserve the
right to contact you by any means regarding customer service-related
notifications, or other such information.

#### 1.11 _how will at &t communicate with me about my service?_

as your wireless carrier, we will need to communicate with you about your
service on occasion. we and our authorized agents may contact you by: bill
message, text message, email, phone call, postal mail, in-app notification,
push notification, or by other reasonable means, to advise you about your
service or other matters we believe may be of interest to you. **we and our
authorized agents may use any one or a combination of these methods of
communication to convey important notices (for example, changes to this
agreement, to your service, legal notices, etc.). you expressly consent on
behalf of all the wireless lines on your account to all such methods of
communication regarding your service, whether active or inactive.**

email and text messages to your at&t device are two of the primary methods
that we use to contact you. the email address you provide at the time of
ordering or service activation is the email address we will use to communicate
with you. you can update your email address through myat&t, using the myat&t
app, or by calling customer care at 800.331.0500. **notices from us to you are
considered immediately delivered when we send them to your email address or by
text message to your at &t device.**

bill messages and inserts are another key way we share information with you.
if you have online billing, those notices will be deemed received by you when
your online bill is available for viewing. if you get a paper bill, those
notices will be deemed received by you three days after we mail the bill to
you. **please do not overlook the important messages section of your bill.**

### 2.0 how do i resolve disputes with at&t?

#### 2.1 _dispute resolution by binding arbitration_

**please read this carefully. it affects your rights.**

_summary:_

most customer concerns can be resolved quickly and to the customer's
satisfaction by calling our customer service department at 1-800-331-0500.
**in the unlikely event that at &t's customer service department is unable to
resolve a complaint you may have to your satisfaction (or if at&t has not been
able to resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so
informally), we each agree to resolve those disputes through binding
arbitration or small claims court instead of in courts of general
jurisdiction.** arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for
more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by
courts. arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can
award. **any arbitration under this agreement will take place on an individual
basis; class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.** for any non-
frivolous claim that does not exceed $75,000, at&t will pay all costs of the
arbitration. moreover, in arbitration you are entitled to recover attorneys'
fees from at&t to at least the same extent as you would be in court.

in addition, under certain circumstances (as explained below), at&t will pay
you more than the amount of the arbitrator's award and will pay your attorney
(if any) twice his or her reasonable attorneys' fees if the arbitrator awards
you an amount that is greater than what at&t has offered you to settle the
dispute.

#### 2.2 _arbitration agreement_

  1. at&t and you agree to arbitrate **all disputes and claims** between us. this agreement to arbitrate is intended to be broadly interpreted. it includes, but is not limited to:
    * claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory;
    * claims that arose before this or any prior agreement (including, but not limited to, claims relating to advertising);
    * claims that are currently the subject of purported class action litigation in which you are not a member of a certified class; and
    * claims that may arise after the termination of this agreement.

references to "at&t," "you," and "us" include our respective subsidiaries,
affiliates, agents, employees, predecessors in interest, successors, and
assigns, as well as all authorized or unauthorized users or beneficiaries of
services or devices under this or prior agreements between us. notwithstanding
the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action in small claims
court. this arbitration agreement does not preclude you from bringing issues
to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies, including, for example,
the federal communications commission. such agencies can, if the law allows,
seek relief against us on your behalf. **you agree that, by entering into this
agreement, you and at &t are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to
participate in a class action.** this agreement evidences a transaction in
interstate commerce, and thus the federal arbitration act governs the
interpretation and enforcement of this provision. this arbitration provision
shall survive termination of this agreement.

  2. a party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written notice of dispute ("notice"). the notice to at&t should be addressed to: office for dispute resolution, at&t, 1025 lenox park blvd., atlanta, ga 30319 ("notice address"). the notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("demand"). if at&t and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the notice is received, you or at&t may commence an arbitration proceeding. during the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by at&t or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or at&t is entitled. you may download or copy a form notice and a form to initiate arbitration at [att.com/arbitration-forms](https://www.att.com/arbitration-forms).
  3. after at&t receives notice at the notice address that you have commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than $75,000. (the filing fee currently is $200 for claims under $10,000 but is subject to change by the arbitration provider. if you are unable to pay this fee, at&t will pay it directly upon receiving a written request at the notice address.) the arbitration will be governed by the commercial arbitration rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes (collectively, "aaa rules") of the american arbitration association ("aaa"), as modified by this agreement, and will be administered by the aaa. the aaa rules are available online at [adr.org](https://www.adr.org), by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the notice address. (you may obtain information that is designed for non-lawyers about the arbitration process at [att.com/arbitration-information](https://www.att.com/arbitration-information).) the arbitrator is bound by the terms of this agreement. all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to the scope and enforceability of the arbitration provision are for the court to decide. unless at&t and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address. if your claim is for $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the aaa rules. if your claim exceeds $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the aaa rules. regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. except as otherwise provided for herein, at&t will pay all aaa filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration initiated in accordance with the notice requirements above. if, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in federal rule of civil procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all such fees will be governed by the aaa rules. in such case, you agree to reimburse at&t for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the aaa rules. in addition, if you initiate an arbitration in which you seek more than $75,000 in damages, the payment of these fees will be governed by the aaa rules.
  4. if, after finding in your favor in any respect on the merits of your claim, the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of at&t's last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected, then at&t will:
    * pay you the amount of the award or $10,000 ("the alternative payment"), whichever is greater; and
    * pay your attorney, if any, twice the amount of attorneys' fees, and reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration ("the attorney premium").

if at&t did not make a written offer to settle the dispute before an
arbitrator was selected, you and your attorney will be entitled to receive the
alternative payment and the attorney premium, respectively, if the arbitrator
awards you any relief on the merits. the arbitrator may make rulings and
resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees, expenses, and
the alternative payment and the attorney premium at any time during the
proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the
arbitrator's ruling on the merits.

  5. the right to attorneys' fees and expenses discussed in paragraph (4) supplements any right to attorneys' fees and expenses you may have under applicable law. thus, if you would be entitled to a larger amount under the applicable law, this provision does not preclude the arbitrator from awarding you that amount. however, you may not recover duplicative awards of attorneys' fees or costs. although under some laws at&t may have a right to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses if it prevails in an arbitration, at&t agrees that it will not seek such an award.
  6. the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. **you and at &t agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.** further, unless both you and at&t agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. if this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.
  7. notwithstanding any provision in this agreement to the contrary, we agree that if at&t makes any future change to this arbitration provision (other than a change to the notice address) during your service commitment, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the change to the arbitration notice address provided above. by rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this provision.

#### 2.3 _puerto rico customers_

for puerto rico customers, references to "small claims court" in sections 2.1
and 2.2 should be understood to mean the puerto rico telecommunications
regulatory board.

### 3.0 terms relating to your device and content

#### 3.1 _your device_

your device must be compatible with, and not interfere with, our services and
must comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. we may
periodically program your device remotely with system settings for roaming
service, to direct your device to use network services most appropriate for
your typical usage, and other features that cannot be changed manually. some
device manufacturers will no longer pre-load certain applications into the
device memory. as a result, at&t may remotely pre-load certain applications to
your device at activation and periodically update those applications. you can
delete any application that at&t remotely pre-loads on your device.

you agree that you won't make any modifications to your equipment or its
programming to enable the equipment to operate on any other system. at&t may,
at its sole and absolute discretion, modify the programming to enable the
operation of the equipment on other systems.

if you bought a device from at&t, it has been programmed with a sim lock which
will prevent it from operating with other compatible wireless telephone
carriers' services. if you wish to use this device with the service of another
wireless telephone carrier, at&t will unlock your device if you meet certain
qualifications including, but not limited to the following: (a) you have paid
for your device in full; (b) your device was purchased on an installment plan
and the service on your wireless number has been active for at least sixty
days and is in good standing (i.e. it has no past due amount owed at&t); (c)
you have fulfilled your service commitment by expiration of any contractual
term; (d) your device has not been reported lost or stolen; and (e) at&t has
the unlock code (where applicable) or can reasonably obtain it from the
manufacturer. for devices sold with a prepaid plan, at&t will unlock your
device upon request when you have completed six (6) months of at&t prepaid
service. for further details on eligibility requirements and for assistance on
unlocking your device, please visit
[att.com/deviceunlock](https://www.att.com/deviceunlock).

you are solely responsible for complying with u.s. export control laws and
regulations and the import laws and regulations of foreign countries when
traveling internationally with your device.

#### 3.2 _where and how does at &t service work?_

at&t does not guarantee availability of wireless network. services may be
subject to certain device and compatibility/limitations including memory,
storage, network availability, coverage, accessibility and data conversion
limitations. services (including without limitation, eligibility requirements,
plans, pricing, features and/or service areas) are subject to change without
notice.

when outside at&t's coverage area, access will be limited to information and
applications previously downloaded to or resident on your device. coverage
areas vary between at&t network technologies. see coverage map(s) at your
local store, from a sales representative, or at
[www.att.com/coverageviewer](https://www.att.com/coverageviewer).

actual network speeds depend upon device characteristics, network, network
availability and coverage levels, tasks, file characteristics, applications
and other factors. performance may be impacted by transmission limitations,
terrain, in-building/in-vehicle use and capacity constraints.

#### 3.3 _what information, content, and applications are provided by third
parties?_

certain information, applications, or other content is provided by
independently owned and operated content providers or service providers who
are subject to change at any time without notice.

at&t is not a publisher of third-party information, applications, or other
content and is not responsible for any opinions, advice, statements, or other
information, services or goods provided by third parties.

third-party content or service providers may impose additional charges.
policies regarding intellectual property, privacy and other policies or terms
of use may differ among at&t's content or service providers and you are bound
by such policies or terms when you visit their respective sites or use their
services. it is your responsibility to read the rules or service agreements of
each content provider or service provider.

any information you involuntarily or voluntarily provide to third parties is
governed by their policies or terms. the accuracy, appropriateness, content,
completeness, timeliness, usefulness, security, safety, merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, transmission or correct sequencing of any
application, information or downloaded data is not guaranteed or warranted by
at&t or any content providers or other third party. delays or omissions may
occur. neither at&t nor its content providers, service providers or other
third parties shall be liable to you for any loss or injury arising out of or
caused, in whole or in part, by your use of any information, application or
content, or any information, application, or other content acquired through
the service.

you acknowledge that every business or personal decision, to some degree or
another, represents an assumption of risk, and that neither at&t nor its
content and service providers or suppliers, in providing information,
applications or other content or services, or access to information,
applications, or other content underwrites, can underwrite, or assumes your
risk in any manner whatsoever.

#### 3.4 _how can i get mobile content?_

you understand that devices can be used to acquire or purchase goods, content,
and services (including subscription plans) like ring tones, graphics, games,
applications and news alerts from at&t or other companies ("content"). you
understand that you are responsible for all authorized charges associated with
such content from any device assigned to your account, that these charges will
appear on your bill (including charges on behalf of other companies), and that
such purchases can be restricted by using parental controls available from an
at&t salesperson, or by calling at&t. any person using any device assigned to
your account to order content on your account may be deemed to have
corresponding authority to consent to the use or disclosure of your account
information, including customer proprietary network information (cpni), to
facilitate the processing or provisioning of and/or billing for such content.
cpni is information that relates to the quantity, technical configuration,
type, destination, location and amount of use of a telecommunications service,
and you have the right, and at&t has the duty under federal law, to protect
the confidentiality of cpni. you have the right to withhold authorization of
this disclosure and use of your cpni without affecting the provision of any
service(s) to which you currently subscribe from at&t.

you are responsible for reviewing your monthly bills to ensure that all
charges for content are accurate.

additionally, you have full-time access to your content purchase transaction
history on our website. you may contest and seek refunds for unauthorized
purchases and purchases with which you are not satisfied. at&t reserves the
right to restrict content purchases or terminate the account of anyone who
seeks refunds on improper grounds or otherwise abuses this service.

actual content may vary based on the device capabilities. content may be
delivered in multiple messages. content charges are incurred at the stated
one-time download rate or subscription rate, plus a per kilobyte or per
megabyte default pay per use charge for the content transport when delivered,
unless you have a data plan and such charges appear separately on your bill.
you will be charged each time you download content. data service charges
apply.

#### 3.5 _am i responsible if someone makes a purchase with my device?_

except as otherwise provided in this agreement, if your device is used by
others to make content purchases, you are responsible for all such purchases.
if this occurs, you are giving those other users your authority to:

  1. make content purchases from those devices, and to incur charges for those content purchases that will appear on your bill;
  2. give consent required for that content, including the consent to use that user's location information to deliver customized information to that user's device; or
  3. make any representation required for that content, including a representation of the user's age, if requested.

usage by others can be restricted by use of parental controls or similar
features. visit [att.com/securefamily](https://www.att.com/securefamily) to
learn more.

#### 3.6 _does at &t collect location-based network performance information
from my device? can i use location-based services with my device?_

at&t collects information about the approximate location of your device in
relation to our cell towers and the global positioning system (gps). we use
that information, as well as other usage and performance information also
obtained from our network and your device, to provide you with wireless voice
and data services, and to maintain and improve our network and the quality of
your wireless experience. we may also use location information to create
aggregate data from which your personally identifiable information has been
removed or obscured. such aggregate data may be used for a variety of purposes
such as scientific and marketing research and services such as vehicle traffic
volume monitoring. it is your responsibility to notify users on your account
that we may collect and use location information from devices.

your device is also capable of using optional content at your request or the
request of a user on your account, offered by at&t or third parties that make
use of a device's location information ("location-based services"). please
review the terms and conditions and the associated privacy policy for each
location-based service to learn how the location information will be used and
protected. for more information on location-based services, please visit
[att.com/privacy](https://www.att.com/privacy).

our directory assistance service (411) may use the location of a device to
deliver relevant customized 411 information based upon the user's request for
a listing or other 411 service. by using this directory assistance service,
the user is consenting to our use of that user's location information for such
purpose. this location information may be disclosed to a third party to
perform the directory assistance service and for no other purpose. such
location information will be retained only as long as is necessary to provide
the relevant customized 411 information and will be discarded after such use.
please see our privacy policy at
[att.com/privacy](https://www.att.com/privacy) for additional details.

#### 3.7 _what if my device is lost or stolen?_

if your wireless device is lost or stolen, you must contact us immediately to
report the device lost or stolen. you're not liable for charges you did not
authorize, but the fact that a call was placed from your device is evidence
that the call was authorized. once you report to us that the device is lost or
stolen, you will not be responsible for subsequent charges incurred by that
device.

you can report your device as lost or stolen and suspend services without a
charge by contacting us at the phone number listed on your bill or at
[att.com/my/#/suspendrestore](https://www.att.com/my/#/suspendrestore). if
there are charges on your bill for calls made after the device was lost or
stolen, but before you reported it to us, notify us of the disputed charges
and we will investigate. you may submit documents, statements and other
information to show any charges were not authorized. you may be asked to
provide information and you may submit information to support your claim. we
will advise you of the result of our investigation within 30 days. while your
phone is suspended you will remain responsible for complying with all other
obligations under this agreement, including, but not limited to, your monthly
fee. we both have a duty to act in good faith in a reasonable and responsible
manner including in connection with the loss or theft of your device.
(california customers see section 11.1 "california: what if there are
unauthorized charges billed to my device?" below.)

### 4.0 terms relating to the use and limitations of service

#### 4.1 _what are the limitations on service and liability?_

unless prohibited by law, the following limitations of liability apply.
service may be interrupted, delayed, or otherwise limited for a variety of
reasons, including environmental conditions, unavailability of radio frequency
channels, system capacity, priority access by national security and emergency
preparedness personnel in the event of a disaster or emergency, coordination
with other systems, equipment modifications and repairs, and problems with the
facilities of interconnecting carriers. we may block access to certain
categories of numbers (e.g., 976, 900, and international destinations) at our
sole discretion.

additional hardware, software, subscription, credit or debit card, internet
access from your compatible pc and/or special network connection may be
required and you are solely responsible for arranging for or obtaining all
such requirements. some solutions may require third party products and/or
services, which are subject to any applicable third party terms and conditions
and may require separate purchase from and/or agreement with the third party
provider. at&t is not responsible for any consequential damages caused in any
way by the preceding hardware, software or other items/requirements for which
you are responsible.

not all plans or services are available for purchase or use in all sales
channels, in all areas or with all devices. at&t is not responsible for loss
or disclosure of any sensitive information you transmit. at&t's wireless
services are not equivalent to wireline internet. at&t is not responsible for
nonproprietary services or their effects on devices.

we may, but do not have the obligation to, refuse to transmit any information
through the services and may screen and delete information prior to delivery
of that information to you. there are gaps in service within the services
areas shown on coverage maps, which, by their nature, are only approximations
of actual coverage.

we do not guarantee you uninterrupted service or coverage. we cannot assure
you that if you place a 911 call you will be found. airtime and other service
charges apply to all calls, including involuntarily terminated calls. at&t
makes no warranty, express or implied, of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose, suitability, accuracy, security, or performance regarding
any services, software or goods, and in no event shall at&t be liable, whether
or not due to its own negligence, for any:

  1. act or omission of a third party;
  2. mistakes, omissions, interruptions, errors, failures to transmit, delays, or defects in the services or software provided by or through us;
  3. damage or injury caused by the use of services, software, or device, including use in a vehicle;
  4. claims against you by third parties;
  5. damage or injury caused by a suspension or termination of services or software by at&t; or
  6. damage or injury caused by failure or delay in connecting a call to 911 or any other emergency service.

notwithstanding the foregoing, if your service is interrupted for 24 or more
continuous hours by a cause within our control, we will issue you, upon
request, a credit equal to a pro-rata adjustment of the monthly service fee
for the time period your service was unavailable, not to exceed the monthly
service fee. our liability to you for service failures is limited solely to
the credit set forth above.

unless prohibited by law, at&t isn't liable for any indirect, special,
punitive, incidental or consequential losses or damages you or any third party
may suffer by use of, or inability to use, services, software, or devices
provided by or through at&t, including loss of business or goodwill, revenue
or profits, or claims of personal injuries. at&t isn’t liable for any damages
resulting from any action of a third party, such as unauthorized access to
your at&t accounts or at&t services (including the use of your at&t accounts
or at&t services to access a third-party account).

to the full extent allowed by law, you hereby release, indemnify, and hold
at&t and its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assignees
harmless from and against any and all claims of any person or entity for
damages of any nature arising in any way from or relating to, directly or
indirectly, service provided by at&t or any person's use thereof (including,
but not limited to, vehicular damage and personal injury), including claims
arising in whole or in part from the alleged negligence of at&t, or any
violation by you of this agreement. this obligation shall survive termination
of your service with at&t. at&t is not liable to you for changes in operation,
equipment, or technology that cause your device or software to be rendered
obsolete or require modification.

some states, including the state of kansas, don't allow disclaimers of implied
warranties or limits on remedies for breach. therefore, the above limitations
or exclusions may not apply to you. this agreement gives you specific legal
rights, and you may have other rights which vary from state to state.

#### 4.2 _how can i use my at &t service?_

all use of at&t's wireless network and services is governed by at&t's
acceptable use policy, which can be found at
[att.com/acceptableusepolicy](https://www.att.com/acceptableusepolicy), as
determined solely by at&t. at&t can revise its acceptable use policy at any
time without notice by updating this posting.

#### 4.3 _who is responsible for security?_

at&t does not guarantee security. data encryption is available with some, but
not all, services sold by at&t. if you use your device to access company email
or information, it is your responsibility to ensure your use complies with
your company's internal it and security procedures.

#### 4.4 _how can i use the software?_

the software, interfaces, documentation, data, and content provided for your
equipment as may be updated, downloaded, or replaced by feature enhancements,
software updates, system restore software or data generated or provided
subsequently by at&t (hereinafter "software") is licensed, not sold, to you by
at&t and/or its licensors/suppliers for use only on your equipment. your use
of the software shall comply with its intended purposes as determined by us,
all applicable laws, and at&t's acceptable use policy at
[att.com/acceptableusepolicy](https://www.att.com/acceptableusepolicy).

you are not permitted to use the software in any manner not authorized by this
license. you may not (and you agree not to enable others to) copy, decompile,
reverse engineer, disassemble, reproduce, attempt to derive the source code
of, decrypt, modify, defeat protective mechanisms, combine with other
software, or create derivative works of the software or any portion thereof.
you may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute, transfer or sublicense the
software or any portion thereof. you agree the software contains proprietary
content and information owned by at&t and/or its licensors/suppliers.

at&t and its licensors/suppliers reserve the right to change, suspend,
terminate, remove, impose limits on the use or access to, or disable access
to, the software at any time without notice and will have no liability for
doing so. you acknowledge at&t's software licensors/suppliers are intended
third party beneficiaries of this license, including the indemnification,
limitation of liability, disclaimer of warranty provisions found in this
agreement.

#### 4.5 _how can i use another carrier's network (off-net usage)?_

##### 4.5.1 voice

if your use of minutes (including unlimited services) on other carrier
networks ("off-net voice usage") during any two consecutive months exceed your
off-net voice usage allowance, at&t may, at its option, terminate your
services, deny your continued use of other carriers' coverage or change your
plan to one imposing usage charges for off-net voice usage. your off-net voice
usage allowance is equal to the lesser of 750 minutes or 40% of the anytime
minutes included with your plan.

##### 4.5.2 data

if you use data services on other carriers' wireless networks ("off-net data
usage") your data usage may be reduced to 2g speeds. in addition, if your off-
net data usage during any month exceeds your off-net data usage allowance,
at&t may at its option terminate your access to data services, deny your
continued use of other carriers' coverage, further reduce your off-net data
usage speed, or change your plan to one imposing usage charges for off-net
data usage. your off-net data usage allowance is equal to the lesser of 100
megabytes or 20% of the kilobytes included with your plan. you may be required
to use a device programmed with at&t's preferred roaming database.

##### 4.5.3 messaging

if you use messaging services (including unlimited services) on other carrier
networks ("off-net messaging usage") during any two consecutive months exceed
your off-net messaging usage allowance, at&t may, at its option, terminate
your messaging service, deny your continued use of other carriers' coverage or
change your plan to one imposing usage charges for off-net messaging usage.
your off-net messaging usage allowance is equal to the lesser of 3,000
messages or 50% of the messages included with your plan.

##### 4.5.4 notice

if you exceed your allowances stated above and at&t determines to suspend or
terminate your access, deny your usage of other carrier's coverage, or change
your plan to a different plan, at&t will provide notice and you may terminate
this agreement.

#### 4.6 _how do i get service outside at &t's wireless network (roaming)?_

services originated or received while outside your plan's included coverage
area are subject to roaming charges. domestic roaming charges for wireless
data or voice services may be charged with some plans when outside at&t's
wireless network. international roaming rates apply for any voice, messaging
or data usage incurred outside the u.s.. use of services when roaming is
dependent upon roaming carrier's support of applicable network technology and
functionality. display on your device may not indicate whether you will incur
roaming charges. check with roaming carriers individually for support and
coverage details.

##### 4.6.1 international services

certain eligibility restrictions apply which may be based on service tenure,
payment history and/or credit. rates are subject to change. for countries,
rates and additional details, see
[att.com/global](https://www.att.com/global).

###### 4.6.1.1 international long distance:

international rates apply for calls made and messages sent from the u.s. to
another country. calling or messaging to some countries may not be available.
calls to wireless numbers and numbers for special services, such as premium
rated services, may cost more than calls to wireline numbers. if a customer
calls an overseas wireline number and the call is forwarded to a wireless
number, the customer will be charged for a call terminated to a wireless
number. international long distance calling rates are charged per minute and
apply throughout the same footprint in which the customer's airtime package
minutes apply.

###### 4.6.1.2 international long distance text, picture & video messaging:

additional charges apply for premium messages and content. messages over 300
kbs are billed an additional 50¢/message. for a complete list of countries,
please visit [att.com/text2world](https://www.att.com/text2world).

###### 4.6.1.3 international roaming:

compatible device required. your plan or package may include the capability to
make and receive calls and texts and use data while roaming internationally.
at&t, in its sole discretion, may block your ability to use your device while
roaming internationally until eligibility criteria are met. international
roaming rates, which vary by country, apply for all calls placed or received
while outside the united states. please consult
[att.com/global](https://www.att.com/global) or call 611 from your mobile
device or 800-331-0500 for a list of currently available countries and
carriers. all countries may not be available for roaming. all carriers within
available countries may not be available on certain plans or packages.
availability, quality of coverage and services while roaming are not
guaranteed. when roaming internationally, you will be charged international
roaming airtime rates including when incoming calls are routed to voicemail,
even if no message is left. substantial charges may be incurred if device is
taken out of the u.s. even if no services are intentionally used. billing for
international roaming usage may be delayed up to three billing cycles due to
reporting between carriers. taxes are additional. if you want to block the
ability to make and receive calls or use data functions while roaming
internationally, you may request that by calling 1-314-925-6925 (at no charge
from your wireless phone).

###### 4.6.1.4 international data:

international data rates apply to all data usage outside the u.s., including
accessing cloud-based services to upload/download/stream content.
international data roaming may be reduced to 2g speeds. many devices,
including iphone, transmit and receive data messages without user intervention
and can generate unexpected charges when powered "on" outside the united
states. at&t may send "alerts" via sms or email, to notify you of data usage.
these are courtesy alerts. there is no guarantee you will receive them. they
are not a guarantee of a particular bill limit. receipt of visual voicemail
messages are charged at international data pay-per-use rates unless customer
has an international data plan/package, in which case receipt of visual
voicemail messages decrement kilobytes included in such plan/package.

###### 4.6.1.5 data global add-ons and global messaging plans/packages:

require that domestic data or messaging capability be in place. rates apply
only for usage within "roam zone" comprised of select carriers. within the
roam zone, overage rate applies if you exceed the mbs allotted for any data
global add-on or the messages allotted for any global messaging plan/package.
international roaming pay-per-use rates apply in countries outside the roam
zone. see [att.com/globalcountries](https://www.att.com/globalcountries) for
current roam zone list.

###### 4.6.1.6 data connect global/north america plans:

do not include capability to place a voice call and require a 1 year
agreement. for specific terms regarding international data plans, see section
6.10.2 of the wireless customer agreement.

###### 4.6.1.7 cruise ship roaming:

cruise ship roaming rates apply for calls placed or data used while on the
ship.

###### 4.6.1.8 international miscellaneous

**export restrictions:** you are solely responsible for complying with u.s.
export control laws and regulations, and the import laws and regulations of
foreign countries when traveling internationally with your device.

### 5.0 what voice services does at&t offer?

#### 5.1 _what are the general terms that apply to all at &t voice rate
plans?_

you may obtain usage information by calling customer service or using one of
our automated systems. **pricing/taxes/no proration:** prices do not include
taxes, directory assistance, roaming, universal service fees, and other
surcharges. final month's charges are not prorated. **activation fees:**
activation fee may apply for each new line. **nights and weekends:** nights
are 9:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. weekends are 9:00 p.m. friday to 6:00 a.m. monday
(based on time of day at the cell site or switch providing your service).
included long distance calls can be made from the 50 united states to the 50
united states, guam and northern mariana islands. roaming charges do not apply
when roaming within the services area of land-based networks of the 50 united
states. additional charges may apply to services used outside the land borders
of the u.s..

#### 5.2 _voicemail_

unless you subscribe to an unlimited voice plan or are an upstate new york
customer subscribing to enhanced voicemail, airtime charges apply to calls to
your voicemail service, including calls where the caller does not leave a
message, because the call has been completed, calls to listen to, send, reply
to, or forward messages, or to perform other activities with your voicemail
service, including calls forwarded from other phones to your voicemail
service. you are solely responsible for establishing and maintaining security
passwords to protect against unauthorized use of your voicemail service. for
information as to the number of voicemail messages you can store, when
voicemail messages will be deleted, and other voicemail features, see
[att.com/wirelessvoicemail](https://www.att.com/wirelessvoicemail). we reserve
the right to change the number of voicemails you can store, the length you can
store voicemail messages, when we delete voicemail messages, and other
voicemail features without notice. we may deactivate your voicemail service if
you do not initialize it within a reasonable period after activation. we will
reactivate the service upon your request. see
[att.com/global](https://www.att.com/global) for information about using
voicemail internationally.

#### 5.3 _voicemail-to-text (vmtt)_

at&t is not responsible, nor liable for: 1) errors in the conversion of or its
inability to transcribe voicemail messages to text/email; 2) lost or
misdirected messages; or, 3) content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening,
abusive, obscene, tortious, or otherwise objectionable.

we do not filter, edit or control voice, text, or email messages, or guarantee
the security of messages. we can interrupt, restrict or terminate vmtt without
notice, if your use of vmtt adversely impacts at&t's network, for example that
could occur from abnormal calling patterns or an unusually large number of
repeated calls and messages; or if your use is otherwise abusive, fraudulent,
or does not comply with the law.

you are solely responsible for and will comply with all applicable laws as to
the content of any text messages or emails you receive from vmtt that you
forward or include in a reply to any other person. you authorize at&t or a
third party working on at&t's behalf to listen to, and transcribe all or part
of a voicemail message and to convert such voicemail message into text/email,
and to use voicemail messages and transcriptions to enhance, train and improve
at&t's speech recognition and transcription services, software and equipment.

charges for vmtt include the conversion of the voicemail message and the text
message sent to your wireless device. additional charges, however, may apply
to receiving email on your wireless device from vmtt, as well as, replying to
or forwarding vmtt messages via sms (text) or email, depending on your plan.

sms (text messaging) blocking is incompatible with vmtt. (if you do not have a
texting plan on your handset, we add a texting pay per use feature when you
add vmtt with text delivery.) if you are traveling outside the u.s. coverage
area, you will incur international data charges for emails received from vmtt,
as well as, charges for emails you respond to or forward from vmtt, unless you
have an international data plan and the usage falls within the plan's usage
limits.

transcription times cannot be guaranteed. customers purchasing email delivery
are responsible for providing a correct email address and updating the email
address when changes to the email account are made.

if you choose sms (text) delivery, vmtt only converts the first 480 characters
of a voicemail message into text and you will receive up to three text
messages of a transcribed message. the transcription, therefore, may not
include the entire voicemail message with sms delivery. adding vmtt will
create a new voicemail box and all messages and greetings will be deleted from
your current voicemail box.

#### 5.4 _unlimited voice services_

unlimited voice services are provided primarily for reasonably uninterrupted
live dialog between two individuals. if your use of unlimited voice services
for conference calling or call forwarding exceeds 750 minutes per month, at&t
may, at its option, terminate your service or change your plan to one with no
unlimited usage components.

at&t may, in its sole discretion, terminate your service or change your plan
to one with no unlimited voice usage if it reasonably determines or has a
reasonable basis to believe that you are engaged in any of the following
prohibited activities: (1) maintaining an open line of communication to
provide dispatch or monitoring services; (2) accessing or providing access to
multi-party chat line services; (3) using the service with a sim box or sim
server network to generate or simulate voice calls; (4) transmitting
broadcasts; (5) transmitting pre-recorded materials; (6) telemarketing; (7)
initiating autodialed calls; (8) initiating any other calls or connections
that are not for the purposes of reasonably uninterrupted live dialog between
individuals; (9) using the service for any fraudulent purpose; (10) reselling
or rebilling the service either alone or as part of any other good or service;
or (11) any abusive use of our network or services.

#### 5.5 _caller id_

your caller identification information (such as your name and phone number)
may be displayed on the device or bill of the person receiving your call;
technical limitations may, in some circumstances, prevent you from blocking
the transmission of caller identification information. contact customer
service for information on blocking the display of your name and number.
caller id blocking is not available when using data services, and your
wireless number is transmitted to internet sites you visit. if applicable to
your plan and device, an in-coming call identification feature may apply that
will notify of in-coming calls and that may apply generic labels such as
telemarketing, suspected spam, and/or suspected fraud to some of those calls.

#### 5.6 _rollover ® minutes_

if applicable to your plan, rollover minutes accumulate and expire through 12
rolling bill periods. bill period 1 (activation) unused anytime minutes will
not carry over. bill period 2 unused anytime minutes will begin to carry over.
rollover minutes accumulated starting with bill period 2 will expire each bill
period as they reach a 12-bill-period age. rollover minutes will also expire
immediately upon default or if customer changes to a non-rollover plan. if you
change plans (including the formation of a familytalk plan), or if an existing
subscriber joins your existing familytalk plan, any accumulated rollover
minutes in excess of your new plan or the primary familytalk line's included
anytime minutes will expire. rollover minutes are not redeemable for cash or
credit and are not transferable. if you change to non-at&t unity plans with
rollover minutes (including the formation of a familytalk plan) any
accumulated rollover minutes in excess of your new non-at&t unity plan or the
primary non-at&t unity familytalk line's included anytime minutes will expire.

#### 5.7 _mobile to mobile minutes_

if applicable to your plan, mobile to mobile minutes may be used when directly
dialing or receiving calls from any other at&t wireless phone number from
within your calling area. mobile to mobile minutes may not be used for
interconnection to other networks. calls to at&t voicemail and return calls
from voicemail are not included.

#### 5.8 _family talk ® plan_

if applicable to your plan, familytalk may require up to a two-year service
commitment for each line. familytalk plans include only package minutes
included with the primary number, and minutes are shared by the additional
lines. the rate shown for additional minutes applies to all minutes in excess
of the anytime minutes. familytalk requires two lines. if the rate plan for
the primary number is changed to an ineligible plan or the primary number is
disconnected, one of the existing additional lines shall become the primary
number on the rate plan previously subscribed to by the former primary number;
if only one line remains, it shall be converted to the closest single line
rate.

#### 5.9 _a-list ®_

a-list is available only with select nation, familytalk and unity plans.
nation plan and individual subscribers can place/receive calls to/from up to 5
(and familytalk subscribers can place/receive calls to/from up to 10) wireline
or wireless telephone numbers without being charged for airtime minutes. all
qualifying lines on a familytalk account share the same 10 a-list numbers.
only standard domestic wireline or wireless numbers may be added and a-list is
only for domestic calls. directory assistance, 900 numbers, chat lines, pay
per call numbers, customer's own wireless or voice mail access numbers,
numbers for call routing services and call forwarding services from multiple
phones, and machine to machine numbers are not eligible. depending on the pbx
system, a private telephone system often serving businesses, at&t may not be
able to determine if your selected pbx a-list number is calling/receiving
calls from your wireless number and airtime charges could apply. forwarded
calls will be billed based on the originating number, not the call forwarding
number, and airtime charges may apply. only voice calling is eligible. a-list
number selections may only be managed online. selected telephone numbers do
not become active until 24 hours after added. at&t reserves the right to block
any a-list number and to reduce the amount of telephone numbers that can be
used for a-list without notice. a-list is not eligible on save/promotional
plans.

#### 5.10 _at &t viva mexico℠ ("mexico plan") & at&t nation®/familytalk® with
canada ("canada plan")_

certain eligibility requirements apply. anytime minutes and night and weekend
minutes between mexico and your u.s. wireless coverage area if you subscribe
to the mexico plan, or canada and your u.s. wireless coverage area if you
subscribe to the canada plan, will be treated for billing purposes as calls to
and from your u.s. wireless coverage area.

calls made from or received in mexico and canada cannot exceed your monthly
off-net usage allowance (the lesser of 750 min./mo. or 40% of your anytime
minutes/mo.) in any two consecutive months. calls made from or received in
mexico and canada will not qualify as mobile to mobile minutes. special rates
apply for data usage in mexico and canada. international long distance text,
instant, picture and video messaging rates apply to messaging from the u.s. to
mexico and canada and international roaming rates apply when such messages are
sent from mexico and canada.

international roaming charges apply when using voice and data services outside
mexico and your u.s. wireless coverage area if you subscribe to the mexico
plan, and canada and your u.s. wireless coverage area, if you subscribe to the
canada plan. international long distance charges apply when calling to areas
outside mexico and your u.s. wireless coverage area if you subscribe to the
mexico plan, and canada and your u.s. wireless coverage area if you subscribe
to the canada plan.

anytime minutes are primarily for live dialog between two people. you may not
use your services other than as intended by at&t and applicable law. plans are
for individual, non-commercial use only and are not for resale. unlimited
microcell calling feature cannot be used on accounts with viva mexico and
nation canada calling plans.

#### 5.11 _at &t unity℠ and at&t unity℠-familytalk® plans requirements_

##### 5.11.1 eligibility requirements:

at&t local and wireless combined bill required. for residential customers,
qualifying at&t local plan from at&t required. for business customers,
qualifying at&t local service plan required. specific at&t services that
qualify vary by location; see [att.com](https://www.att.com) or call
1-800-288-2020. certain business accounts are not eligible for unity plans.
discounts on any other combined-bill wireless plans will be lost if an at&t
unity plan is added to your combined bill. if an existing wireless plan is
upgraded to an at&t unity plan, all discounts and promotions will be lost when
subscribing to that plan.

##### 5.11.2 at&t unity℠ minutes:

at&t unity calling minutes may be used when directly dialing or receiving
calls from any other eligible at&t wireline or wireless phone number from
within your calling area. calls to at&t voicemail and return calls from
voicemail not included. at&t unity minutes are not included when checking
usage for the current billing period.

#### 5.12 _voicedial services_

regular airtime charges apply. mobile to mobile minutes do not apply. calls to
911, 411, 611, 711 and international dialing cannot be completed with
voicedial services. caller id cannot be blocked. caller id will be delivered
on calls, even if you have permanently blocked your name and number. for
complete terms and conditions, see
[att.com/voicedial](https://www.att.com/voicedial).

#### 5.13 _at &t messaging unlimited with mobile to any mobile calling
feature_

available only with select nation, familytalk, and businesstalk plans and can
be discontinued at anytime. messaging unlimited plan required. mobile to any
mobile minutes only apply when you directly dial another u.s. mobile number or
directly receive a call from another u.s. mobile phone number from within your
calling area in the u.s.. mobile to any mobile is not available with the at&t
viva mexico or at&t nation/familytalk with canada plans. calls made through
voice connect, calls to directory assistance, and calls to voicemail and
return calls from voicemail are not included. only numbers included in the
wireless number database that at&t uses will be treated as a call to a mobile
number or a call received from a mobile number. so for example, type 1 numbers
belonging to other carriers and not included in the industry wireless lnp
database, and numbers for which ports to wireless service have not yet
completed, will not be treated as a call to a mobile number or a call received
from a mobile number. also calls made to and calls received from mobile toll-
free numbers, mobile chat lines, mobile directory assistance, calling
applications, numbers for call routing and call forwarding services, and
machine to machine numbers are not included.

### 6.0 what data and messaging services does at&t offer?

#### 6.1 _what are the general terms that apply to all data and messaging
plans?_

at&t provides wireless data and messaging services, including but not limited
to, features that may be used with data services and wireless content and
applications ("data services"). the absolute capacity of the wireless data
network is limited; consequently, data services may only be used for permitted
activities. pricing and data allowances for data services are device dependent
and based on the capabilities and capacity of each device.

**for data services with a monthly megabyte (mb) or gigabyte (gb) data
allowance, once you exceed your monthly data allowance you will be
automatically charged for overage as specified in the applicable rate plan.
all data allowances, including overages, must be used in the billing period in
which the allowance is provided. unused data allowances will not roll over to
subsequent billing periods.**

at&t data plans are designed for use with only one of the following distinct
device types: (1) smartphones, (2) basic and quick messaging phones, (3)
tablets, (4) laptopconnect cards, (5) stand-alone mobile hotspot devices, (6)
wearables, and (7) other permitted devices. a data plan designated for one
type of device may not be used with another type of device. for example, a
data plan designated for use with a basic phone or a smartphone may not be
used with a laptopconnect card, tablet, or stand-alone mobile hotspot device,
by tethering devices together, by sim card transfer, or any other means. a
data tethering plan, however, may be purchased for an additional fee to enable
tethering on a compatible device. an activation fee may apply for each data
line.

consumer data plans do not allow access to corporate email, company intranet
sites, and other business applications. access to corporate email, company
intranet sites, and/or other business applications requires an applicable
enterprise data plan. enterprise email requires an eligible data plan and
device. terms may vary depending on selected enterprise email solution.

at&t reserves the right to terminate your data services with or without cause,
including without limitation, upon expiration or termination of your
agreement.

#### 6.2 _what are the intended uses of at &t's wireless data service?_

at&t's wireless data network is a shared resource, which at&t manages for the
benefit of all of its customers so that they can enjoy a consistent, high-
quality mobile broadband experience and a broad range of mobile internet
services, applications and content. however, certain activities and uses of
the network by an individual customer or small group of customers can
negatively impact the use and enjoyment of the network by others. therefore,
certain activities and uses of at&t's wireless data service are permitted and
others are prohibited. the terms and conditions of your use of at&t's wireless
data service are set forth below.

**permitted activities.** at&t's wireless data services are intended to be
used for the following permitted activities: (i) web browsing; (ii) email; and
(iii) intranet access if permitted by your rate plan (for example, access to
corporate intranets, email, and individual productivity applications like
customer relationship management, sales force, and field service automation);
(d) uploading and downloading applications and content to and from the
internet or third-party application stores, and (e) using applications and
content without excessively contributing to network congestion.

you agree to use at&t's wireless data services _only_ for these permitted
activities.

**prohibited activities:** at&t's wireless data services are not intended to
be used in any manner which has any of the following effects and such use is
prohibited if it: (a) conflicts with applicable law, (b) hinders other
customers' access to the wireless network, (c) compromises network security or
capacity, (d) excessively and disproportionately contributes to network
congestion, (e) adversely impacts network service levels or legitimate data
flows, (f) degrades network performance, (g) causes harm to the network or
other customers, (h) is resold either alone or as part of any other good or
service, (i) tethers a wireless device to a computing device (such as a
computer, smartphone, ebook or ereader, media player, laptop, or other devices
with similar functions) through use of connection kits, applications, devices
or accessories (using wired or wireless technology) and you have not
subscribed to a specific data plan designed for this purpose, or (j) there is
a specific data plan required for a particular use and you have not subscribed
to that plan.

the following specific uses of at&t's wireless data service are prohibited:

  * at&t's wireless data services may _not_ be used in any manner that defeats, obstructs or penetrates, or attempts to defeat, obstruct or penetrate the security measures of at&t's wireless network or systems, or another entity's network or systems; that accesses, or attempts to access without authority, the accounts of others; or that adversely affects the ability of other people or systems to use either at&t's wireless services or other parties' internet-based resources. for example, this includes, but is not limited to, malicious software or "malware" that is designed, intentionally or unintentionally, to infiltrate a network or computer system such as spyware, worms, trojan horses, rootkits, and/or crimeware; "denial of service" attacks against a network host or individual user; and "spam" or unsolicited commercial or bulk email (or activities that have the effect of facilitating unsolicited commercial email or unsolicited bulk e-mail).
  * at&t's wireless data services may not be used in any manner that has the effect of excessively contributing to network congestion, hindering other customers' access to the network, or degrading network performance by maintaining a sustained and continuous wireless data service connection or active wireless internet connection. for example, this includes, but is not limited to, server devices or host computer applications such as continuous web camera posts or broadcasts, automatic data feeds, or automated machine-to-machine connections; "auto-responders," "cancel-bots," or similar automated or manual routines that generate excessive amounts of traffic or that disrupt user groups or email use by others; use of the service as a substitute or backup for private lines or full-time or dedicated data connections; peer-to-peer (p2p) file sharing services; and software or other devices that maintain continuous active internet connections when a connection would otherwise be idle or any "keep alive" functions, unless they adhere to at&t data retry requirements (as may be modified from time to time).
  * at&t's wireless data services also may _not_ be used with high bandwidth applications, services and content that are not optimized to work with at&t's wireless data services and, therefore disproportionately and excessively contribute to network congestion. this includes, but is not limited to, redirecting television signals for viewing on computing devices, web broadcasting, and/or the operation of servers, telemetry devices, or supervisory control and data acquisition devices, unless they meet at&t's wireless data services optimization requirements.

you agree not to use at&t's wireless data services for any of these prohibited
activities.

**at &t's rights to ensure compliance.** you agree that at&t has the right to
take any and all actions necessary to enforce this section 6.2 if you use
at&t's wireless data services in any manner that is prohibited, including, but
not limited to, the following actions:

  * at&t may modify, without advance notice, the permitted and prohibited activities, and the optimization requirements for your wireless data services;
  * at&t may engage in any reasonable network management practice to enhance customer service, to reduce network congestion, to adapt to advances and changes in technology, and/or to respond to the availability of wireless bandwidth and spectrum;
  * at&t may reduce your data throughput speeds at any time or place if your data usage exceeds an applicable, identified usage threshold during any billing cycle. at&t will provide you with advance notice of the usage threshold applicable to your data plan, or any changes to the applicable usage threshold either by a bill insert, email, text message or other appropriate means;
  * at&t may use reasonable methods to monitor and collect customer usage information to better optimize the operation of the network. details concerning the information that at&t collects about its customers, and how it uses and protects that information are addressed in the at&t privacy policy (see [att.com/privacy)](https://www.att.com/privacy);
  * if you are an at&t unlimited data plan customer, at&t may migrate you from the unlimited data plan to a tiered data plan and bill you the appropriate monthly charges and fees. we will provide you with notice of this change at least one billing cycle in advance either by a bill insert, email, text message, or other appropriate means;
  * at&t may interrupt, suspend, cancel or terminate your wireless data services without advance notice.

**unlimited data customers.** if you are an at&t unlimited data plan customer,
you agree that "unlimited" means you pay a fixed monthly charge for wireless
data service regardless of how much data you use. you further agree that
"unlimited" does _not_ mean that you can use at&t's wireless data service in
any way that you choose or for any prohibited activities, and that if you use
your unlimited data plan in any manner that is prohibited, at&t can limit,
restrict, suspend or terminate your data service or switch you to a tiered
data plan.

#### 6.3 _what are the voice and data plan requirements?_

a voice plan is required on all voice-capable devices, unless specifically
noted otherwise in the terms governing your plan.

an eligible tiered pricing data plan is required for certain devices,
including iphones and other designated smartphones. eligible voice and tiered
pricing data plans cover voice and data usage in the u.s. and do not cover
international voice and data usage and charges. if it is determined that you
are using a voice-capable device without a voice plan, or that you are using
an iphone or designated smartphone without an eligible voice and tiered data
plan, at&t reserves the right to switch you to the required plan or plans and
bill you the appropriate monthly fees. in the case of the tiered data plan,
you will be placed on the data plan which provides you with the greatest
monthly data usage allowance. if you determine that you do not require that
much data usage in a month, you may request a lower data tier at a lower
monthly recurring fee.

#### 6.4 _how does at &t calculate my data usage/billing?_

data transport/usage occurs whenever your device is connected to our network
and is engaged in any data transmission, including but not limited to: (i)
sending or receiving email, documents, or other content, (ii) accessing
websites, or (iii) downloading and using applications. some applications,
content, programs, and software that you download or that comes pre-loaded on
your device automatically and regularly send and receive data transmissions in
order to function properly, without you affirmatively initiating the request
and without your knowledge. for example, applications that provide real-time
information and location-based applications connect to our network, and send
and receive updated information so that it is available to you when you want
to access it. in addition, any advertisements or advertiser-related messages
or data delivered to your device, even if delivered to an application, as well
as any messages or content that initiate in response to an advertisement, will
count toward your data usage. you will be billed for all data transport and
usage when your device is connected to our network, including that which you
affirmatively initiate or that which runs automatically in the background
without your knowledge, and whether successful or not. a data session
initiated on the at&t network will continue its connection over the at&t
network until the data transmission is concluded, even when you connect to a
wi-fi network during the transmission.

unless designated for international or canada use, prices and included use
apply to access and use on at&t's wireless network and the wireless networks
of other companies with which at&t has a contractual relationship within the
united states, excluding areas within the gulf of mexico.

usage on networks not owned by at&t is limited as provided in your data plan.
charges will be based on the location of the site receiving and transmitting
service and not the location of the subscriber. compatible plan and device may
be required to access certain technologies.

data service charges paid in advance for monthly or annual data services are
nonrefundable. some data services may require an additional monthly
subscription fee and/or be subject to additional charges and restrictions.

in order to assess your usage during an applicable billing period, you may
obtain approximate usage information by calling customer service or using one
of our automated systems.

#### 6.5 _messaging services general provisions_

plans with messaging include messaging only for apps that use at&t's short
messaging service (sms), multimedia messaging service (mms), and advanced
messaging (rcs) from at&t. apps that use other messaging protocols (i.e.,
over-the-top and third-party messaging app) may incur data charges. messages
sent from or received on tablets, laptops, smart watches, or other connected
devices are treated as data usage, not messages.

at&t does not guarantee delivery of messages. text, picture, and video
messages, including downloaded content, not delivered within 72 hours will be
deleted and will no longer be available. at&t reserves the right to change
this delivery period as needed without notification. you may receive
unsolicited messages from third parties as a result of visiting internet
sites.

advanced messaging will not work if messaging or data has been blocked on your
line. for more information on advanced messaging, visit
[att.com/advancedmessaging](https://www.att.com/advancedmessaging)

group message maximum participant size limit will vary depending on the
group’s carrier and device mix, and the ability to take advantage of mms group
vs rcs group messaging capabilities.

picture/video messaging, data plan, and text messaging may need to be
provisioned on an account in order to use picture/video messaging. some
elements of picture/video messages may not be accessible, viewable, or heard
due to limitations on certain wireless phones, pcs, or e-mail. at&t reserves
the right to change the picture/video message size limit at any time without
notification. text message notifications may be sent to non-picture/video
messaging subscribers if they subscribe to text messaging.

you agree you will not use our messaging services to send messages that
contain advertising or a commercial solicitation to any person or entity
without their consent. you will have the burden of proving consent with clear
and convincing evidence if a person or entity complains you did not obtain
their consent. consent cannot be evidenced by third party lists you purchased
or obtained. you further agree you will not use our messaging service to send
messages that: (a) are bulk messages (b) are automatically generated; (c) can
disrupt at&t's network; (d) harass or threaten another person (e) interfere
with another customer's use or enjoyment of at&t's services; (f) generate
significant or serious customer complaints, (g) that falsify or mask the
sender/originator of the message; or (h) violate any law or regulation. at&t
reserves the right, but is not obligated, to deny, disconnect, suspend, modify
and/or terminate your messaging service or messaging services with any
associated account(s), or to deny, disconnect, suspend, modify and/or
terminate the account(s), without notice, as to anyone using messaging
services in any manner that is prohibited. our failure to take any action in
the event of a violation shall not be construed as a waiver of the right to
enforce such terms, conditions, or policies. advertising and commercial
solicitations do not include messaging that: (a) facilitates, completes, or
confirms a commercial transaction where the recipient of such message has
previously agreed to enter into with the sender of such message; or (b)
provides account information, service or product information, warranty
information, product recall information, or safety or security information
with respect to a commercial product or service used or purchased by the
recipient of such message.

we may terminate or restrict your messaging service for tethered messaging,
excessive use, or misuse.

#### 6.6 _messaging plans other than unlimited messaging_

plans that do not provide for unlimited messaging are subject to the
provisions of this section 6.6. sms and mms messages are rated at 160
characters per message. messages larger than 160 characters will be rated as
an additional message. you are charged for each part of messages that are
delivered to you in multiple parts. premium text and picture/video messages
are charged at their stated rates. standard rates apply to all incoming
messages when in the u.s. different, non-standard per message charges apply to
international messages sent from the u.s. text, picture, and video messages
are charged when sent or received, whether read or unread, solicited or
unsolicited. with advanced messaging (rcs) from at&t, your wireless rate
plan’s sms & mms rates apply. each text/file attachment counts and is charged
as a separate sms/mms. at&t reserves the right to change the picture/video
message size limit at any time without notification. picture/video messaging
pricing is for domestic messages only. when a single message is sent to
multiple recipients, the sender is charged for one message for each recipient
and each recipient is charged for the message received.

#### 6.7 _mobile email_

requires e-mail account with compatible internet service provider and a
downloaded or preloaded e-mail application for the wireless device. access and
use of mobile email is billed by total volume of data sent and received (in
kilobytes) in accordance with your data plan. e-mail attachments cannot be
sent, downloaded, read, or forwarded on the mobile device. only a paper clip
icon appears indicating an attachment. you must view attachments from your pc.
upgrades to the application may be required in order to continue to use the
service. wireless data usage charges will apply for downloading the
application and any upgrades.

#### 6.8 _mobile video_

compatible phone and eligible data plan required. service not available
outside at&t's mobile broadband and 4g coverage areas. premium content is
charged at stated monthly subscription rates or at stated pay per view rates.
content rotates and is subject to withdrawal. mobile video is for individual
use, not for resale, commercial purposes or public broadcast. content can only
be displayed on the device screen. no content may be captured, downloaded,
forwarded, duplicated, stored, or transmitted. the content owner reserves and
owns all content rights. all trademarks, service marks, logos, and copyrights
not owned by at&t are the property of their owners. some mobile video content
is intended for mature audiences and may be inappropriate for younger viewers.
parental guidance suggested. use parental controls to restrict access to
mature content. content may be provided by independent providers, and at&t is
not responsible for their content. providers may collect certain information
from your use for tracking and managing content usage.

#### 6.9 _at &t wi-fi services & wi-fi calling_

**at &t wi-fi service use with a wi-fi capable wireless device is subject to
the terms of services & acceptable use policy ("terms") found at
[att.com/attwifitosaup](https://www.att.com/attwifitosaup). your use
represents your agreement to those terms, incorporated herein by reference.**
at&t wi-fi basic service is available at no additional charge to wireless
customers with select wi-fi capable devices and a qualified data rate plan.
other restrictions may apply.

**important information about wi-fi calling:**

  * **tty devices are not compatible with wi-fi calling.**
  * wi-fi calling lets you make calls and send text messages over wi-fi when cellular coverage is limited or unavailable. your device must be set to at&t hd voice and have internet access. loss of your internet connection during voice wi-fi calling will disconnect your call, including 911 calls. in the u.s. or internationally, you can use wi-fi calling to call numbers in the u.s. at no additional charge (excluding 411 calls and other premium numbers). international long distance rates/plans apply when calling international numbers from within the u.s. international roaming rates apply when calling international numbers while traveling outside the u.s. certain countries restrict wi-fi calling. no wi-fi calling to 211, 311, 511, and 811. see [att.com/wificalling](https://www.att.com/wificalling) for more info.
  * 911 calling with tty & real-time text. due to technical limitations, **wi-fi calling cannot be used with tty devices and will not support tty 911 calls.** persons with communications disabilities can use real time text ([www.att.com/rtt](https://www.att.com/rtt)) as an alternative to tty. 911 services can be reached by either (1) calling 911 using real time text (2) calling 911 directly using a tty device over the cellular network or from a landline telephone, or (3) sending a text message to 911 directly, or (4) using relay services to place a tty or captioned telephone services (cts) call from a wireless phone or from a landline telephone, or (5) using relay services to place a ip relay or ip cts call over a cellular or ip network.
  * **911 call routing.** 911 calls using wi-fi calling will first attempt to route to the appropriate emergency response center using automatic location information from your device. if such information is unavailable, the emergency address (no p.o. boxes) entered in your wi-fi calling settings will be used for routing. to set up wi-fi calling you will need to enter a us address. you can change your emergency address at any time by selecting "update emergency address" in your wi-fi calling menu. to ensure proper routing of 911 calls update your emergency address as needed. 911 service may be delayed or unavailable if automatic location information is unavailable or if using wi-fi calling from a location different from the emergency address you entered.
  * **you acknowledge that you received and understand the foregoing information about 911 calls using wi-fi calling, and you further agree that if you dial 911 on a device using wi-fi calling, at &t may treat the automatic location information transmitted by your device as your temporarily updated wi-fi calling emergency address.**

#### 6.10 _dataconnect plans_

##### 6.10.1 what are the general terms that apply to all dataconnect plans?

a voice plan is not required with dataconnect plans.

we may, at our discretion, suspend your account if we believe your data usage
is excessive, unusual or is better suited to another rate plan. if you are on
a data plan that does not include a monthly mb/gb allowance and additional
data usage rates, you agree that at&t has the right to impose additional
charges if you use more than 5 gb in a month; provided that, prior to the
imposition of any additional charges, at&t shall provide you with notice and
you shall have the right to terminate your data service.

##### 6.10.2 data global add-on/dataconnect global plans/dataconnect north
america plans

available countries, coverage and participating international carriers
included in the "select international roam zone" and "select canada/mexico
roam zone" vary from our generally available canada/international wireless
data roam zones and may not be as extensive. the select international roam
zone is restricted to select international wireless carrier(s). select
canada/mexico roam zone is restricted to select wireless carrier(s) and
coverage areas within canada and mexico. see
[att.com/global](https://www.att.com/global) for a current list of
participating carriers and eligible roam zones. with respect to the countries
included in the select international roam zone, you will be restricted from
accessing data service through any non-participating canada/international
wireless carriers that may otherwise be included in our generally available
canada and international wireless data roam zones. with the dataconnect north
america plan, you will be restricted from accessing data service through any
non-participating canada/mexico wireless carriers that may otherwise be
included in our generally available canada and international wireless data
roam zones.

data global add-on- may only be used with eligible equipment. domestic data
usage not included. qualified domestic wireless data plan required. if
combined with a wireless voice plan that includes international voice roaming,
your international wireless voice roaming in countries included in the global
data add-on's select international roam zone will be limited to the
participating canada/international wireless carriers and you will be
restricted from voice roaming through any non-participating
canada/international wireless carriers that may otherwise be included in our
generally available canada and international voice roam zones.

dataconnect global/north america plans - requires minimum one-year service
commitment and you must remain on the plan, for a minimum one-year term. voice
access is restricted and prohibited.

#### 6.11 _at &t dataplus℠/at&t datapro℠ plans_

##### 6.11.1 at&t data plans with tethering

tethering is a wireless or wired method in which your at&t mobile device is
used as a modem or router to provide an internet access connection to other
devices, such as laptops, netbooks, tablets, smartphones, other phones, usb
modems, network routers, mobile hotspots, media players, gaming consoles, and
other data-capable devices. at&t data plans with tethering enabled may be used
for tethering your at&t mobile device to other devices. if you are on a data
plan that does not include a monthly megabyte allowance and additional data
usage rates, you agree that at&t has the right to impose additional charges if
you use more than 5 gb in a month; prior to the imposition of any additional
charges, at&t shall provide you with notice and you shall have the right to
terminate your service (early termination fee may apply).

##### 6.11.2 blackberry® personal

supports personal email access to up to 10 internet email accounts. users
storing more than 1,000 emails or email older than 30 days, may have some
emails automatically deleted. may not be used to access corporate email such
as blackberry enterprise server.

##### 6.11.3 blackberry® connect; blackberry enterprise; blackberry
international

supports blackberry enterprise server™ for corporate access (valid client
access license required), and personal email access to up to 10 internet email
accounts as per blackberry personal. blackberry international requires a
minimum one-year agreement.

#### 6.12 _good plan_

requires compatible good server and, as to each end user, a compatible good
client access license (cal) for use with a qualifying at&t data plan. solution
includes software, products and related services provided by good technology,
inc. ("good"), which are subject to applicable good terms and conditions. good
is solely responsible for all statements regarding, and technical support for,
its software, products and services.

#### 6.13 _microsoft ® direct push_

requires compatible microsoft® exchange server and, as to each end user, a
compatible device, a direct push enabled email account, and a qualifying at&t
data plan. plans include end user customer support from at&t for compatible
devices. at&t does not sell, supply, install or otherwise support microsoft®
software, products or services (including without limitation, exchange and
direct push).

#### 6.14 _at &t mobile share® plans (with unlimited talk and text)_

at&t mobile share plans, including mobile share value plans, allow you to
share a monthly allotment of domestic wireless data usage, along with
unlimited domestic talk and texting services among up to ten (10) devices. you
choose a specific allotment of monthly shared data usage for a monthly
recurring charge and then pay an additional charge for each device added to
the mobile share plan you select. you must specifically identify the devices
(the "designated devices") that will share your monthly allotment of data
usage under the mobile share plan you select. if you add a wi device for
unlimited talk only, it will be counted as one of the (10) designated devices
under the mobile share plan. designated devices can include: smartphone(s),
tablet(s), gaming device(s), modem(s), netbook(s), laptop(s), mobile
hotspot(s), basic or quick messaging phone(s), wi device(s), and other
permitted devices. if, during a billing period, your data usage exceeds the
monthly allotment of data in the mobile share plan you select, plus any other
data (such as available rollover data) that you may have for use during the
billing period, you will automatically be charged for overage as specified in
your rate plan. unless specified otherwise, data allowances, including
overages and rollover data, must be used in the billing period provided or you
will forfeit that usage. authorized users on the account may temporarily
suspend data access for particular device(s) during a specific billing cycle,
but monthly charges for the suspended device(s) will continue to apply.
tethering and/or mobile hotspot use is permitted with mobile share plans with
capable designated devices; provided, however, that such use is limited to a
maximum of five (5) simultaneous users per device. access to corporate email,
intranet sites and/or other business applications may be available for an
additional monthly charge per device (no additional charge for mobile share
value plans). discounts otherwise applicable to your mobile share rate plan
may not apply to the additional monthly device charge. additional deposits and
other restrictions may apply.

**rollover data℠:** qualifying mobile share plans may include the rollover
data feature. with rollover data, unused data from the monthly plan allotment
rounds up to the nearest mb and carries over for one billing period. **unused
rollover data automatically expires after one billing period or with any plan
change (such as changing data amounts or termination).** unused overage data
does not roll over. rollover data is always consumed last, after your other
data allowances. unused rollover data is not redeemable for cash or credit and
is not transferable including to other mobile share value groups on your
account. mobile share and mobile share data-only plans do not include rollover
data.

if you use a mobile share plan with any device that is not a designated data
device, for tethering or as a mobile hotspot with more than five (5)
simultaneous users, or otherwise use the plan in any way that is inconsistent
with its terms, you agree that at&t may: (a) suspend or terminate service to
the account; (b) place any non-complying device on an appropriate mobile share
plan; and/or (c) add any other required element of the plan.

**device upgrades:** if you upgrade to a new smartphone, a discounted access
charge is only available for that line when purchasing a new smartphone via
at&t next℠ or when you bring your own smartphone or you purchase a new
smartphone at full retail price. if you upgrade your device to a new
smartphone on a 2-year service commitment, that line is ineligible for the
discount and the discount is lost.

#### 6.15 _at &t mobile share - data plans (for data-only devices)_

at&t mobile share - data plans allow you to share a monthly allotment of
domestic wireless data usage among up to ten (10) 3g, hspa+ or lte devices
(excluding smartphones and basic or quick messaging phones). you choose a
specific allotment of monthly shared data usage for a monthly recurring charge
and then pay an additional charge for each device added to the mobile share -
data plan you select. you must specifically identify one or more eligible
devices (the "designated data devices") that will share your monthly allotment
of data usage under the mobile share - data plan you select. designated data
devices can include: tablet(s), gaming device(s), modem(s), netbook(s),
laptop(s), or mobile hotspot(s). if, during a billing period, your data usage
exceeds the monthly allotment of data in the mobile share - data plan you
select, you will automatically be charged for overage as specified in your
rate plan. if, during a billing period, you do not use all of the data
allotment in the mobile share - data plan you select, you will forfeit that
usage. authorized users on the account may temporarily suspend data access for
particular designated data device(s) during a specific billing cycle, but
monthly charges for the suspended designated data device(s) will continue to
apply. tethering and/or mobile hotspot use is permitted with mobile share -
data plans with capable designated data devices; provided, however, that such
use is limited to a maximum of five (5) simultaneous users per designated data
device. an activation fee will be charged when converting from a prepaid or
session-based plan to a mobile share - data plan or when you activate an
additional designated data device on an existing mobile share - data plan.
designated data devices that are capable of accessing corporate email,
intranet sites and/or other business applications may do so for no additional
monthly access charge. discounts otherwise applicable to your mobile share -
data rate plan do not apply to the additional monthly device charge.
additional deposits and other restrictions may apply.

if you use a mobile share - data plan with a smartphone, with any device that
is not a designated data device, for tethering or as a mobile hotspot with
more than five (5) simultaneous users, or otherwise use the plan in any way
that is inconsistent with its terms, you agree that at&t may: (a) suspend or
terminate service to the account; (b) place any non-complying device on an
appropriate mobile share plan; and/or (c) add any other required element of
the plan.

### 7.0 at&t wireless home services

#### 7.1 _at &t wireless home phone service_

at&t wireless home phone ("whp") service utilizes mobile wireless gateway
equipment now called an at&t wireless internet device ("wi device", formerly
called a wireless home phone device or whp device). with whp service, the wi
device allows you to connect a landline phone to place and receive calls over
the at&t wireless network. see section 3.2 for more information about how at&t
wireless service works.

whp service provides voice service only and requires that you subscribe to an
eligible wireless voice plan option, such as: (1) wireless home phone
unlimited plan or (2) at&t mobile share plan. if your wi device is used to
roam on other carrier networks, at&t's off-net usage restrictions apply. text
messaging, data services, features and international roaming are not supported
by whp service. if you use a wireless voice plan not designed for whp service
with your wi device, at&t reserves the right to switch you to an appropriate
plan and bill you the associated fees for such plan.

911 calls are routed based on the wireless network's automatic location
technology. you should expect to provide your location address to the
emergency response center responsible for sending first responders (e.g.
police, medical assistance, or fire) to your location. the wi device has
battery backup power and will work in the event of a power outage. however, if
you connect a landline phone to the wi device that itself requires external
electric power to operate (e.g., a cordless phone), you will not be able to
place and receive calls over that phone during a power outage.

#### 7.2 _at &t wireless internet service_

at&t wireless internet service (formerly wireless home phone and internet
service or whpi) also utilizes the wi device (the whpi service used the home
base device). with at&t wireless internet service, the wi device allows you to
connect a landline phone to place and receive calls, and to connect up to
eleven (11) internet-capable devices (one (1) via ethernet and ten (10) via
wi-fi) to have mobile broadband internet access over the at&t wireless
network. see section 3.2 for more information about how at&t wireless service
works.

at&t wireless internet service requires that you subscribe to an eligible
wireless voice and/or data plan to take advantage of one or both capabilities.
tiered shared data plan options allow you to share a monthly allotment of
domestic wireless data usage among your connected internet-capable devices. if
your data usage exceeds the monthly data allotment of the plan you select
during a billing period, you may automatically be charged for overages or your
data may be slowed as specified in your plan. if you do not use all of the
monthly data allotment of the plan you select during a billing period (or
rollover period, as applicable), you forfeit that usage. you may also add your
wi device to your at&t mobile share plan if the monthly allotment of domestic
wireless data usage under your at&t mobile share plan is 10 gb or more, as
well as select mobile share plans with 9 gb or more.

if your wi device is used to roam on other carrier networks, at&t's off-net
usage restrictions apply. messaging services and international roaming are not
supported by at&t wireless internet service. if you use a wireless voice
and/or data plan not designed for at&t wireless internet service with your wi
device, at&t reserves the right to switch you to an appropriate plan and bill
you the associated charges for such plan.

911 calls are routed based on the wireless network's automatic location
technology. you should expect to provide your location address to the
emergency response center responsible for sending first responders (e.g.
police, medical assistance, or fire) to your location. the wi device has
battery backup power and will work in the event of a power outage. however, if
you connect a landline phone to the wi device that itself requires external
electric power to operate (e.g., a cordless phone), you will not be able to
place and receive calls over that phone during a power outage.

### 8.0 are there other terms and conditions that apply to features and
applications?

terms and conditions for certain features and applications are provided on the
device at the time of feature/application activation or first use. certain
features/applications will not be available in all areas at all times.

### 9.0 what is at&t roadside assistance & optional at&t mobile insurance,
at&t mobile protection pack & at&t multi-device protection pack?

#### 9.1 _at &t roadside assistance_

at&t roadside assistance ("ra") is an optional feature that may be purchased
separately and automatically billed to the wireless account. ra service is
provided by american traveler motor club, inc., a licensed motor club. for
complete ra terms and conditions, refer to your ra welcome kit or go to
[att.com/roadside](https://www.att.com/roadside).

#### 9.2 _optional at &t mobile insurance, at&t protect advantage for 1 & at&t
protect advantage for 4_

if eligible, you have 30 days from activation or upgrade to enroll in optional
at&t mobile insurance, at&t protect advantage for 1 or at&t protect advantage
for 4. for details visit
[www.att.com/protectadvantage](https://www.att.com/protectadvantage). at&t
mobile insurance and the insurance component of at&t protect advantage for 1
and at&t protect advantage for 4 are underwritten by continental casualty
company, a cna company (cna) and administered by asurion protection services,
llc (in california, asurion protection services insurance agency, llc, ca lic.
#od63161, in puerto rico, asurion protection services of puerto rico, inc.),
licensed agent of cna.

### 10.0 what other terms and conditions apply to my wireless service?

#### 10.1 _intellectual property_

you must respect the intellectual property rights of at&t, our third-party
content providers, and any other owner of intellectual property whose
protected property may appear on any website and/or dialogue box controlled by
at&t or accessed through the at&t's websites. except for material in the
public domain, all material displayed in association with the service is
copyrighted or trademarked. except for personal, non-commercial use,
trademarked and copyrighted material may not be copied, downloaded,
redistributed, modified or otherwise exploited, in whole or in part, without
the permission of the owner. the rim and blackberry families of related marks,
images and symbols are the exclusive properties and trademarks or registered
trademarks of research in motion limited - used by permission. good, the good
logo and goodlink are trademarks of good technology, inc., in the united
states and/or other countries. good technology, inc., and its products and
services are not related to, sponsored by or affiliated with research in
motion limited. all other marks contained herein are the property of their
respective owners.

©2012 at&t intellectual property. all rights reserved. at&t, at&t logo and all
other marks contained herein are trademarks of at&t intellectual property
and/or at&t affiliated companies. apple iphone: ™ and © 2010 apple inc. all
rights reserved. apple is a trademark of apple inc., registered in the u.s.
and other countries. iphone is a trademark of apple inc.

#### 10.2 _severability_

if any provision of this agreement is found to be unenforceable by a court or
agency of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions will remain in full
force and effect. the foregoing does not apply to the prohibition against
class or representative actions that is part of the arbitration clause; if
that prohibition is found to be unenforceable, the arbitration clause (but
only the arbitration clause) shall be null and void.

#### 10.3 _assignment; governing law; english language_

##### 10.3.1 assignment

at&t may assign this agreement to any affiliate or to any non-affiliated third
party without your consent and without notice to you, but you may not assign
this agreement without our prior written consent. upon any assignment of this
agreement by at&t, all references in this agreement to "at&t" or "we," "us,"
or "our" shall refer solely to the assignee of this agreement and shall no
longer refer to at&t mobility llc or its affiliates. from and after the date
of any assignment of this agreement by at&t, at&t will no longer be your
service provider and the assignee shall be responsible for providing your
services. you acknowledge and agree that at&t will have no further liability
or obligation to you if this agreement is assigned by at&t and your recourse
for any liabilities or obligations shall be solely limited to the assignee of
this agreement.10.3.2 governing law.

##### 10.3.2 governing law

the law of the state of your billing address shall govern this agreement
except to the extent that such law is preempted by or inconsistent with
applicable federal law. in the event of a dispute between us, the law of the
state of your billing address at the time the dispute is commenced, whether in
litigation or arbitration, shall govern except to the extent that such law is
preempted by or inconsistent with applicable federal law.

##### 10.3.3 english language

the original version of this agreement is in the english language. any
discrepancy or conflicts between the english version and any other language
version will be resolved with reference to and by interpreting the english
version.

#### 10.4 _lifeline services_

as part of a federal government program, at&t offers discounted wireless
service to qualified low-income residents in selected states. for questions or
to apply for lifeline service, call 1-800-377-9450. for tips on how to protect
against fraud, please visit the cpuc's website at,
[calphoneinfo.com](https://calphoneinfo.com).

#### 10.5 _trial services_

trial services are subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement; may
have limited availability; and may be withdrawn at any time.

#### 10.6 _notice regarding transmission of wireless emergency alerts
(commercial mobile alert service)_

at&t has chosen to offer wireless emergency alerts, including enhanced geo-
targeting where selected by the alert originator and supported by the handset,
within portions of its service area, as defined by the terms and conditions of
its agreement, on wireless emergency alert capable devices. there is no
additional charge for these wireless emergency alerts.

wireless emergency alerts, including enhanced geo-targeting where selected by
the alert originator and supported by the handset, may not be available on all
devices or in the entire service area, or if a subscriber is outside of the
at&t service area. in areas in which the emergency alerts are transmitted,
such alerts may not be received by a subscriber or user of at&t's wireless
service even though the subscriber has a device capable of receiving them. for
details on the availability of this service and wireless emergency alert
capable devices, including the availability and benefits of enhanced geo-
targeting where selected by the alert originator and supported by the handset,
please ask a sales representative, or go to
<https://www.att.com/support/article/wireless/km1009041/>. this notice is
required by fcc rule 47 c.f.r. § 10.240 (commercial mobile alert service).

in transmitting emergency alerts pursuant to federal law, at&t, including its
officers, directors, employees, vendors, and agents, shall not be liable to
any subscriber to, or user of, at&t's wireless service or equipment for any
act or omission related to or any harm resulting from the transmission of, or
the failure to transmit, an emergency alert; or the release to a government
entity or agency, public safety, fire service, law enforcement official,
emergency medical service, or emergency facility of subscriber information
used in connection with delivering an emergency alert.

### 11.0 what terms apply only to specific states?

#### 11.1 _california: what if there are unauthorized charges billed to my
device?_

you are not liable for charges you did not authorize, but the fact that a call
was placed from your device is evidence that the call was authorized.
unauthorized charges may include calls made to or from your phone or other
device after it was lost or stolen. once you report to us that the device is
lost or stolen and your device is suspended, you will not be responsible for
subsequent charges incurred by that device. you can report your device as lost
or stolen and suspend services without a charge by contacting us at the phone
number listed on your bill or at
[att.com/my/#/suspendrestore](https://www.att.com/my/#/suspendrestore).

if you notify us of any charges on your bill you claim are unauthorized, we
will investigate. if there are charges on your bill for calls made after the
device was lost or stolen, but before you reported it to us, notify us of the
disputed charges and we will investigate. you may submit documents, statements
and other information to show any charges were not authorized. we will advise
you of the result of our investigation within 30 days. if you do not agree
with the outcome, you may file a complaint with the california public
utilities commission and you may have other legal rights. while an
investigation is underway, you do not have to pay any charges you dispute or
associated late charges, and we will not send the disputed amount to
collection or file an adverse credit report about it. while your phone is
suspended you will remain responsible for complying with all other obligations
under this agreement, including but not limited to, your monthly fee. we both
have a duty to act in good faith and in a reasonable and responsible manner
including in connection with the loss or theft of your device.

#### 11.2 _connecticut: questions about your service_

if you have any questions or concerns about your at&t service, please call
customer care at 1-800-331-0500, dial 611 from your wireless phone, or visit
[att.com/wireless](https://www.att.com/wireless). if you have questions about
the unlimited local or unlimited long distance service, please call
1-800-288-2020 or visit [att.com](https://www.att.com). if you are a
connecticut customer and we cannot resolve your issue, you have the option of
contacting the public utilities regulatory authority (pura). online:
[ct.gov.pura](http://www.ct.gov/pura/site/default.asp?dpucnav_gid=&dpucnav=|&puranav=|);
phone: 1-800-382-4586; mail: connecticut dpuc, 10 franklin square, new
britain, ct 06051.

#### 11.3 _puerto rico_

if you are a puerto rico customer and we cannot resolve your issue, you may
notify the telecommunications regulatory board of puerto rico of your
grievance. mail: 500 ave roberto h. todd, (parada 18), san juan, puerto rico
00907-3941; phone: 1-787-756-0804 or 1-866-578-5500; online:
[jrtpr.gobierno.pr](http://www.jrtpr.gobierno.pr), in addition to having
available arbitration, as provided in section 2.0.

**[return to table of contents](/legal/terms.wirelesscustomeragreement-
list.html)**

