# people | planet | possibilities

## at&t corporate citizenship & sustainability

![](/ui/corpcomm_internet_attus/1.0.0/images/header_print.png)
![](/ui/corpcomm_internet_attus/1.0.0/images/att_print_logo.jpg)

your privacy center



  * [your privacy center](/csr/home/privacy.html)
  * [_check icon_ your choices, tips & tune- ups](/csr/home/privacy/rights_choices.html)
    * [privacy choices](/csr/home/privacy/rights_choices.html?tab=privacy)
    * [tips & tune-ups](/csr/home/privacy/rights_choices.html?tab=tips)
    * [contact us](/csr/home/privacy/rights_choices.html?tab=contact)
  * [_report icon_ at&t privacy policy](/csr/home/privacy/overview.html)
    * [introduction](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html)
    * [when this policy applies](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#when-policy-applies)
    * [the information we collect](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#collect-information)
    * [how we collect your information](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#how-collect)
    * [how we use your information](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#how-use)
    * [how we share your information](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#how-share)
    * [your choices and controls](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#choice)
    * [security](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#security)
    * [data storage and retention](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#storage)
    * [other privacy information](/csr/home/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#other-privacy-info)
  * [_map icon_ state law approach](/csr/home/privacy/statelawapproach.html)
    * [california](/csr/home/privacy/statelawapproach/ccpa.html)
    * [maine](/csr/home/privacy/statelawapproach/maine.html)
  * [_globe icon_ global approach](/csr/privacy/global_approach)
    * [at&t website user global privacy notice](/csr/privacy/global_approach/gdpr_privacy_notice)
    * [at&t business customer gdpr privacy notice](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/gdpr-customer-privacy-notice-jan_2021.pdf)
    * [at&t business customer lgpd privacy notice](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/att_lgpd_business_privacy_notice.pdf)
    * [aviso de privacidade de clientes empresariais da at&t nos termos da lgpd ](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/att_lgpd_business_privacy_notice_pt.pdf)
    * [at&t cross border transfer faq](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/att-cross_border_transfer-faq-2020_10_19.pdf)
    * [at&t business customer new zealand privacy notice](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/att-business-customer-new-zealand-privacy-notice.pdf)
  * [_stats icon_ transparency report](/csr/home/privacy/transparencyreport.html)
    * [view on the web](/csr/home/governance/transparency.html)
    * [download the english pdf](/ecms/dam/csr/2019/transparency/2021/2021-february-report.pdf)
    * [download the spanish pdf](/ecms/dam/csr/2019/transparency/2021/2021-february-report-in-spanish.pdf)
  * english [español](//www.att.com/es-us/) [français](//frca-about.att.com) português



_print icon_ print full privacy policy



# at&t privacy policy

![privacy image](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/privacy.png)

###### effective june 19, 2020

  

your information and your privacy are important — to you and to us. this
policy explains how we use your information and how we keep it safe. most
importantly, it explains the choices you can make at any time about how your
information is used.



#### when this policy applies

this privacy policy (“policy”) covers the information generated when you use
or subscribe to at&t products, services, apps, websites or networks to which
this policy is linked. in the policy, we call them “products or services” for
short. they include voice, data, video, entertainment, advertising, internet
and other products, services and apps.

this policy applies to you and anyone who uses our products or services under
your account, except where we identify for you that separate at&t privacy
policies or terms and conditions apply. you are responsible for making sure
all users under your account understand and agree to this policy. click “learn
more” for a description of special circumstances where this policy may not
apply or may apply in addition to other policies.

learn more _arrow_

here are special circumstances where this policy may not apply, or may apply
in addition to other policies:

  * some of our products or services – for example the at&t tv app and our firstnet service – may be covered by their own privacy policies or additional privacy terms and conditions.
  * some of our affiliates – such as warnermedia companies and cricket – have their own privacy policies that apply to data they collect from products, services and apps they provide. any data collected subject to this policy that is shared with those affiliates will still be protected consistent with this policy.
  * some areas both inside and outside of the united states - for example california and the european union - require us to adopt different policy terms and commitments in accordance with local laws.
  * in certain cases, when you’re using your at&t products or services, other companies may be collecting information, so that your information may be covered by this policy and other privacy policies at the same time. here are some examples: if you purchase one of our products or services from a retailer; if you use our services to connect to a social networking service or another company’s wi-fi network; or if you provide your information to another company through a co-branded website, app or service controlled by the other company. in those cases, any information you provide to those companies may be subject to just their policy, or subject to both their policy and ours.
  * if you are an at&t business customer, we may have written product or service agreements that contain specific provisions about confidentiality, security or handling of information. when one of those agreements differs from or conflicts with this policy, the terms of those agreements will apply instead.

back to top

####  **the information we collect**

we collect information about you and how you’re using our products or services
along with information about your devices and equipment. this may include
performance information, along with web browsing, location and tv viewing
information.

learn more _arrow_

##### here are detailed examples of types of information we collect from our
products or services:

  * **account information:  **includes things like contact and billing information, service-related details and history and similar information, including customer proprietary network information. it also includes technical, equipment and usage information that relate to the services, products, websites and networks we provide you.
  * **web browsing and app information** includes things like the websites you visit or mobile apps you use, on or off our networks. it includes internet protocol addresses and urls, pixels, cookies and similar technologies, and identifiers such as advertising ids and device ids. it can also include information about the time you spend on websites or apps, the links or advertisements you see, search terms you enter, items identified in your online shopping carts and other similar information.
  * **equipment information** includes information that identifies or relates to equipment on our networks, such as type, identifier, status, settings, configuration, software or use.
  * **network performance and usage information** includes information about our networks, including your use of products or services or equipment on the networks, and how they are performing.
  * **location information** includes your street address, your zip code and where your device is located. location information is generated when the devices, products or services you use interact with cell towers, wi-fi routers, bluetooth services, access points, other devices, beacons and/or with other technologies, including gps satellites.
  * **tv and video viewing information** is generated when you use our video services, such as apps, satellite or internet protocol television services or a streaming service. we get information from the technologies you use to watch tv or video. these services may also include video on demand, pay per view, streaming service, interactive services and games, dvr services, tv apps for a tablet or smartphone and similar services and products. if you are watching tv or video through a web browser or app, we may also collect information as described above in the web browsing and app information section. we also collect information related to your use and interaction with the equipment in your home, including the tv receivers, set top boxes, remotes and other devices you may use to access our services.

back to top

####  **how we collect your information**

we collect your information in 3 ways:

  * **you give it to us** when you make a purchase, set up an account or otherwise directly communicate with us.
  * **we automatically get it** when you use, or your device uses, our products or services. for example, we use network tools to collect information like call and text records and the web browsing information we describe in this policy.
  * **we get it from outside sources** like credit reports, marketing mailing lists, and commercially available geographic and demographic information, along with other available information, such as public posts to social networking sites.

#### **how we use your information**

we use your information to power our services and to improve your experiences.
we use your information to provide, support, improve, protect, analyze and
bill for our products, service and network; to communicate with you about your
service, products or apps; to market our services; to detect and avoid fraud;
for advertising; and for research purposes.

learn more _arrow_

here are examples of ways we use your information:

  * providing our products and services.
  * contacting you.
  * improving your experience and protecting the products and services we offer. this includes things like customer care, network security, verifying or authenticating your identity, detecting fraud , billing and collection, protecting your financial accounts, authorizing transactions and the development of future products and services.
  * helping us plan, deploy, improve, protect and defend our network infrastructure, detecting and preventing fraud, and protecting our property and legal rights.
  * understanding the products, services and offers that you, and other at&t customers with whom you call and text and interact, might enjoy the most. we do not use the content of your texts, emails or calls for marketing or advertising.
  * creating engaging and customized experiences and offering new or improved products and services or offers. this is based on things like the information we’ve collected and our research, development and analysis.
  * supporting and providing location services.
  * designing and delivering advertising and marketing campaigns to you and others and measuring their effectiveness. see privacy choices and controls  for more information about how your information is used for advertising and marketing programs and your choices and controls for such use.
  * delivering or customizing products and the content you see, including advertisements, articles, videos, and marketing materials.
  * creating aggregate business and marketing insights, and helping companies develop aggregate insights to improve their business (for instance, to market their products and services).
  * preventing and investigating illegal activities and violations of our terms, use policies and other service conditions or restrictions.

back to top

####  **how we share your information**

  * **we share it with your permission.**
  * **we share it across at &t companies.**
  * **we share it with non-at &t companies or entities as explained in this policy.** for more details about how your information may be shared for advertising and marketing see privacy choices and controls.

learn more _arrow_

##### **sharing information across the at &t affiliates**

like many large companies, at&t is made up of many affiliates.  our products
and services are developed, managed, marketed and sold by a variety of our
affiliates. we share information that may identify you personally internally
among our affiliates _button icon_, such as xandr, the warnermedia family of
companies and cricket.  you can learn more about at&t affiliates by going to
[att.com](https://www.att.com/). for information collected under this policy,
we require the affiliate to protect the information consistent with this
policy.  we may also combine information that identifies you personally with
data that comes from an app or affiliate that has a different privacy policy.
when we do that, our policy applies to the combined data set.

##### sharing information with non-at&t companies that provide services for us
or for you

we share information that identifies you personally with vendors that perform
services for us or that support products or services provided to you,
including marketing or ad delivery services. we do not require consent for
sharing with our vendors for these purposes.  we do not allow those vendors to
use your information for any purpose other than to perform those services, and
we require them to protect the confidentiality and security of data they get
from us in a way that’s consistent with this policy.  

##### sharing information with non-at&t companies to enable third party
services to you

we may share information with non-at&t companies for their purposes to provide
you services such as verifying or authenticating your identity, detecting
fraud, protecting your financial accounts, and authorizing transactions. we
require proof of your explicit consent before sharing your information that
identifies you personally for this purpose.  we do not allow those non-at&t
companies to use it for any purpose other than to perform those services, and
we require them to protect the confidentiality and security of data they get
from us in a way that’s consistent with this policy. in some cases, to
facilitate these programs, we will use or share identifiers such as your phone
or account number.  these identifiers are only used for network
authentication, to detect fraud, for identity verification, or for the linking
of devices you own to authenticate you.  

##### sharing information with other non-at&t companies or entities

there are also times when we provide information that identifies you
personally to other companies and entities, such as government agencies,
credit bureaus and collection agencies, without your explicit consent, but
where authorized or required by law. reasons to share include:

  * complying with court orders, subpoenas, lawful discovery requests and as otherwise authorized or required by law. like all companies, we are required by law to provide information to government and law enforcement agencies, as well as parties to civil lawsuits. you can find out more about this in our [transparency report](/csr/home/governance/transparency.html).
  * detecting fraud.
  * providing or obtaining payment for your service.
  * routing your calls or other communications.
  * ensuring network operations and security.
  * notifying, responding or providing information (including location information) to a responsible governmental entity in emergency circumstances or in situations involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury.
  * alerting the national center for missing and exploited children to information concerning child pornography of which we become aware through the provision of our services. 
  * enforcing our legal rights, protecting our network and property or defending against legal claims.
  * complying with legal requirements to share the names, addresses and telephone numbers of non-mobile phone customers with phone directory publishers and directory assistance services. we honor your request for non-published or non-listed numbers.
  * providing name and number information for wireline and wireless callerid and related services, like call trace. this means a person receiving a call can see the name and number of the caller.

##### sharing metrics reports with non-at&t companies

sometimes the services you enjoy from us directly involve other businesses.
we may pay a network for the rights to broadcast a sporting event or your
favorite show on our television service.  we may be paid by an advertiser to
deliver an advertisement or by a business customer to provide its employee
with a service.  in such cases, we may use or share information that doesn’t
identify you personally to provide metrics reports to our business customers
and service suppliers. we may also share it with advertising and other
companies to deliver or assess the effectiveness of advertising and marketing
campaigns.

##### sharing information for research

we may share information that doesn’t identify you personally with other
companies and entities for research.  when we share this information, we
require companies and entities to agree not to attempt or to allow others to
use it to identify individuals.  our agreements will also prevent businesses
from reusing or reselling the information, and require that they will handle
it in a secure manner, consistent with this policy.

##### sharing information for aggregate media research reports

we share tv and video viewing information, tied to identifiers that do not
identify you personally, with media research companies. they combine this data
with other information to provide audience analysis services about what shows
certain audience segments are watching.  we require that they only use it to
compile aggregate reports, and for no other purpose. we also require
businesses to agree they will not attempt to identify any person using this
information, and that they will handle it in a secure manner, consistent with
this policy.

##### sharing information with at&t affiliates and non-at&t companies for
advertising and marketing programs

we may share information with at&t affiliates and with non-at&t companies to
deliver or assess effectiveness of advertising and marketing campaigns as
described in privacy choices and controls.

##### sharing information to support location services

location services rely on, use or incorporate the location of a device to
provide or enhance the service. location services may collect and use or share
location information to power applications on your device (those that are pre-
loaded or those that you chose to download), such as mapping and traffic apps,
or other location services you subscribe to.  at&t will not share your
location information for location services without your consent (to us or a
company providing you service), except as required by law.  if you purchase
location services from another company, such as a medical alerting device, the
use or disclosure of location information is governed by the agreement between
you and the service provider, including any applicable privacy policy of the
service provider, and is not governed by this privacy policy _.   _in other
cases – for example parental controls services - the account holder for the
location services, instead of a user, may initiate or subscribe to the
location services and provide the required consent.  

##### disclosing personally identifiable information collected from satellite
and internet protocol television subscribers in response to a court order

when a non-governmental entity obtains a court order, we’re authorized to
disclose personally identifiable information collected from tv subscribers as
a result of the subscriber's use of tv service, but only after we let the
subscriber know what’s going on. when a governmental entity obtains a court
order, we’re authorized to disclose personally identifiable information
collected from a tv subscriber as a result of the subscriber's use of tv
service, but only if the following conditions are met:

  * a judge decides that the governmental entity has offered clear and convincing evidence that the subject of the information is reasonably suspected of engaging in criminal activity and that the information sought would be material evidence in the case; and
  * the subject of the information has an opportunity to appear and contest the governmental entity's claim; and
  * we have provided notice to the subscriber as required by applicable state law.

back to top

#### **your privacy choices and controls**

you can [manage your privacy choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice) about how
we contact you and how we use or share your information. you also have choices
about how certain third parties and advertisers use your information,
including how we use and share your information for advertising, marketing and
analytics. click “learn more” for more detail.

learn more _arrow_

##### communication preferences

sometimes we have offers or programs that may interest you. we’d like to be
able to tell you about these. you can manage how we do it. you can opt-out of
marketing and advertising programs, but we still may contact you with service
and non-marketing messages.

  * **email:** you can opt-out of marketing emails by using our [email unsubscribe](https://myaccount.att.com/apps/eods/unsubscribepreferences.do).
  * **text messages:** opt-out of our marketing text messages by replying "stop" to any message.
  * **consumer telemarketing:** ask to be removed from our consumer telemarketing lists by contacting us at one of the numbers listed here, or by sending an e-mail to [privacypolicy@att.com](mailto:privacypolicy@att.com). you also can ask the at&t representative to remove you from our telemarketing lists when you receive a marketing or promotional call from us.
  * **business telemarketing:** where required by local laws and/or regulations, we’ll remove your business information from our telemarketing lists at your request.
  * **national do not call registry:** the ftc maintains a national do not call registry at [donotcall.gov](http://www.donotcall.gov/), and some states in the united states may maintain their own do not call registry. putting your number on these registries also may limit our telemarketing calls.
  * **automated messages:** in some cases, we will ask for your permission to send you automated calls or messages to your mobile phone. to opt-out of these calls or messages from us, go to [manage your privacy choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice). as required or allowed by law, even if you opt-out, we may continue to contact you with automated calls or messages at the telephone number issued by us for certain important informational messages about your service. for example, we may need to let you know about a problem with your wireless service.
  * **postal mail:** you can review our residential do not mail policy statement _button icon_ and limit postal mail solicitations. you’ll still receive billing statements, legal notices, product updates and other similar correspondence, and you may still receive some promotional mailings.

##### choices about how we use and share your information for advertising,
marketing and analytics

you have choices about whether your information is used or shared in our
programs that provide you with marketing and advertising tailored to your
interests and for aggregate analytics.  as your provider of communications and
internet services, our collection and use of information operates
independently in many cases from the user controls and settings on your
device, through your operating system, or on third-party websites or apps.

**online behavioral advertising:** online behavioral advertising is automated,
customized advertising that you see when using online services, like ads in
mobile apps or on websites. those ads are served to you based on inferences
about your interests.  those interests are determined from data collected
about you, whether by at&t or other parties.

  * we work with ad companies that may serve ads for us, and for others, across your use of online services. these companies may use cookies, mobile advertising identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our websites and other websites. this information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track online activities and deliver ads and content tailored to your interests as part of our advertising programs, such as relevant advertising.
  * you can opt-out of online behavioral advertising from companies who participate in the [digital advertising alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/) by going to their [consumer choice page](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/#completed) or selecting this icon [![](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/ad_info_icon.gif)](http://www.aboutads.info/) when you see it on an online ad.

**relevant advertising and enhanced relevant advertising:** relevant
advertising and enhanced relevant advertising both use information to deliver
ads that we think you might be interested in on websites, tv and video
programming, apps and other properties, sites or services.

  * **relevant advertising:** this program is used to tailor the ads you see to match your interests. it doesn’t give you more advertising—it just makes the ads you see more likely to be relevant to you. if you don’t want to receive relevant advertising, you may opt-out by going to [manage your privacy choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice).
    * _information we use for relevant advertising_ : in this program, we use information about your use of our products and services, information we get from companies like our advertising partners, and demographic information like zip code and age range to deliver or assess effectiveness of advertising and marketing campaigns. we use the information we collect about you, like your tv viewing, your location, or information about the apps you use or the websites you visit to place you into demographic or interest categories like “sports enthusiast” or “coffee lover.” we do not use sensitive information such as medical conditions or diagnosis or financial account records to target ads. we don’t use or share the content of your texts, emails or calls for marketing and advertising. nor do we use or share information you provide to encrypted websites.     
    * _information we share in relevant advertising_ : we may share non-sensitive information, such as your device information, information from companies like our advertising partners, and demographic information like your age range, gender and zip code.  we may share this information with third parties, such as advertisers, programmers and networks, social media networks, analytics firms, ad networks, and other similar companies that are involved in creating and delivering advertisements.  when we share that information, we combine it with an identifier like a device or ad id (such as apple or android ad id).
    * _information we don’t share in relevant advertising_ : we don’t share information about your individual web browsing or tv viewing.  nor will we share the precise location of your device, customer proprietary network information, social security number, full date of birth, credit card information or driver’s license number. when we share information with third parties, we won’t share your name or identify you by anything other than an identifier, like a device or ad id.  
  * **enhanced relevant advertising:** this opt-in program further personalizes the ads you see. with your prior explicit consent, this program lets us use and share additional information for advertising and marketing purposes. please see the enhanced relevant advertising [terms and conditions](https://www.att.com/legal/terms.enhancedrelevantadvertising.html) for more details. if you’d like to participate in enhanced relevant advertising or change your previous choice, you can go to [manage your privacy choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice).

##### external marketing and analytics:

we may use or share information that does not identify you personally to help
our business customers develop aggregate insights that improve their
businesses. this information may be combined with other information, such as
demographic information or an identifier like a device id or ad id. we require
that your information be used only to develop aggregate insights that will
improve products and services. in addition, we require anyone who receives
this data to agree they will only use it for aggregate insights, won’t attempt
to identify any person or device using this information, and will handle it in
a secure manner, consistent with this policy.

if you don’t want your information included in external marketing and
analytics, you can opt out by going to [manage your privacy
choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice).

##### other choices

  * **customer proprietary network information:** you can [opt-out](https://www.att.com/ecpnioptout/initiatecpniform.action) or go to [att.com/cpni/optout](https://www.wireless.att.com/ecpni/) for more information about customer proprietary network information and your choices about our use of that information for marketing purposes.
  * **directv puerto rico:** if you’re a directv customer in puerto rico, you can exercise and manage your choices by visiting <https://www.directvpr.com/midirectv/ingresar> or by calling (787) 776.5252.
  * **advertising on at &t’s web portal for consumers (currently): **opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising when using our currently portal services from companies who participate in the [digital advertising alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/) by going to its [consumer choice page](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/#completed) or selecting this icon [![](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/ad_info_icon.gif)](http://www.aboutads.info/) when you see it on an online ad.  this covers att.net email and also the currently portal.
  * **online behavioral advertising by industry participants:** in accordance with industry self-regulatory principles, you can opt-out of online behavioral advertising from companies who participate in the [digital advertising alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/) by going to its [consumer choice page](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/#completed) or selecting this icon [![](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/ad_info_icon.gif)](http://www.aboutads.info/) when you see it on an online ad. to limit collection of data on websites that may be used for advertising, you can manage cookies and other similar technologies _button icon_ on your computer. if you change computers, devices, web browsers or you delete cookies, you will need to opt-out again. please note that our collection of web browsing information works independently of your web browser's privacy settings with respect to cookies and private browsing. in addition, we don’t currently respond to do not track and similar signals. you can manage at&t’s use of web browsing information at [manage your privacy choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice).
  * **domain name system error assist:   **a description of the program and your choices about how we use your information can be found at [manage your privacy choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice).
  * **third party services:** a description of the program and your choices about how we use your information can be found at [manage your privacy choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice).
  * **at &t call protect:  **you can also sign up for [at&t call protect](https://www.att.com/features/security-apps.html) to automatically block potential fraud calls, see warnings of suspected spam calls, add unwanted callers to your personal block list and help protect your phone from malware, viruses and system threats.

back to top

#### **security**

we work hard to safeguard your data using a range of technological and
organizational security controls.

we maintain and protect the security of computer storage and network
equipment, and we use security procedures that require employees to
authenticate themselves to access sensitive data. we also limit access to
personal information only to those with jobs requiring such access. we require
callers and online users to authenticate themselves before providing account
information.

no security measures are perfect, however. we can’t guarantee that your
information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this policy.
if a breach were to occur, we will notify you as required by applicable law.

back to top

#### **data storage, transfer, retention and accuracy**

we take steps to ensure that data is processed according to this policy and to
the requirements of applicable law of your country and of the additional
countries where the data is subsequently processed.

learn more _arrow_

data we collect may be processed and stored in the united states or in other
countries where we or our affiliates or service providers process data.

when we transfer personal data from the european economic area to other
countries, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to help ensure all applicable
laws, rights and regulations continue to protect your data.

we keep your information as long as we need it for business, tax or legal
purposes. after that, we destroy it by making it unreadable or indecipherable.

need to update your information? we’re happy to help you review and correct
the information we have on your account and billing records. for more
information, please see the contact us section of this policy.

back to top

#### **other privacy information**

##### changes in ownership or to the policy

information about our customers and users, including information that
identifies you personally, may be shared and transferred as part of any
merger, acquisition, sale of company assets or transition of service to
another provider. this also applies in the unlikely event of an insolvency,
bankruptcy or receivership.

we may update this policy as necessary to reflect changes we make and to
satisfy legal requirements. we’ll post a prominent notice of material changes
on our websites. we’ll give you reasonable notice before any material changes
take effect.

##### information specific to children

we don’t knowingly collect personally identifying information from anyone
under the age of 13 unless we first get permission from the child's parent or
legal guardian. unless we have parental consent, we will not contact a child
under the age of 13 for marketing purposes. information about our collection,
use or sharing of, and your choices and controls with respect to such
information, is found in learn more.

learn more _arrow_

if you create an at&t e-mail sub-account for a child under the age of 13, then
with your explicit permission, we collect your child’s name, “nicknames and
aliases,” alternative e-mail address, birth date, gender and zip code.  we use
the information collected on sub-accounts to create and maintain those
accounts, for research, to customize the advertising and content seen on our
pages, and for other marketing purposes. your child can use their at&t e-mail
address and password to log onto websites and online services provided by us,
like uverse.com. we and our advertising partners may collect, use or share
information about customers who log onto those sites as described in the
information we collect, how we collect your information, how we use your
information and how we share your information sections of this policy. [here
is the option to opt out of online behavioral
advertising](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=en) by advertising partners
who collect information from our sites and participate in the [digital
advertising alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/).

you or your child can review, edit, update and delete information relating to
your child's sub-account and, if you no longer wish your child to have such an
account, you can revoke your consent at any time, by [logging on to manage
your
account](https://www.att.com/olam/loginaction.olamexecute?actiontype=manage).

you may e-mail us at [privacypolicy@att.com](mailto:privacypolicy@att.com),
call us at (800) 495.1547 or write to us at at&t privacy policy, chief privacy
office, 208 s. akard, room 2100, dallas, tx 75202 with any questions or
concerns you may have about our privacy policy as it relates to children.

information collected from devices or services purchased by adult subscribers
that are used by children without our knowledge will be treated as the adult's
information under this policy.

we have developed safety and control tools, expert resources and tips designed
to help you manage technology choices and address online safety concerns.
please go to [at&t secure family](https://www.att.com/features/secure-
family.html) for more information.

##### your california privacy rights and other information for our california
customers

  

###### california consumer privacy act (ccpa)

we comply with special legal requirements for california residents associated
with access, deletion and sale or sharing of residents’ data and application
of do not track notices.

learn more _arrow_

###### website data collection:

we don’t knowingly allow other parties to collect personally identifiable
information about your online activities over time and across third party
websites for their own use when you use our websites and services, unless we
have your consent.

###### do not track notice:

we don’t currently respond to do not track and similar signals.  please go to
[all about do not track](http://www.allaboutdnt.com/) for more information.

[california customers have the
right](https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaysection.xhtml?sectionnum=1798.83.&lawcode=civ),
in certain circumstances, to request information about whether a business has
disclosed personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing
purposes. you have the right to opt-out of our disclosing your information to
third parties for their marketing purposes.  to find out more, go to [manage
your privacy choices](http://www.att.com/cmpchoice).

###### california consumer privacy act (ccpa)

**ccpa personal information** (ccpa pi) is defined by california law as
information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being
associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with
california consumers or households.

###### the information we collect and share

we want to provide you with the information about how to exercise rights
involving ccpa pi. here is information about the ccpa pi we have collected
from and shared about consumers over the past year. ****

**_information we collected from consumers_**

the ccpa identifies a number of categories of ccpa pi. in the year before the
date this policy was issued, we collected these categories of ccpa pi:

  * address and other identifiers – such as name, postal address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
  * unique and online identifiers associated with personal information – ip address, device ids, or other similar identifiers.
  * commercial information – such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
  * internet, gaming or other electronic network activity information – such as browsing history, search history and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. 
  * professional or educational information. 
  * video footage (e.g., cctv); audio recordings; photographs; calendar information. 
  * location information (see above in "the information we collect").
  * in game or online viewing activities (e.g., videos viewed, pages viewed).
  * inferences drawn from ccpa pi, such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, behaviors.

we collected the above categories of ccpa pi for the following purposes:

  * performing services on behalf of the business, such as customer service, processing or fulfilling orders, and processing payments.
  * auditing customer transactions.
  * fraud and crime prevention.
  * debugging errors in systems.
  * marketing and advertising.
  * internal research, analytics and development – e.g., user-preference analytics.
  * developing, maintaining, provisioning or upgrading networks, services or devices.

we collected the above categories of ccpa pi from the following sources:

  * directly from you – such as contact and billing info and customer service interactions
  * generated by your use of our services – such as technical, equipment and usage information
  * social media sites and other online platforms
  * other companies – such as vendors, marketing firms and other at&t companies
  * publicly available sources – such as public records

**_information we shared about consumers_**

in the year before the date this policy was issued, we shared these categories
of ccpa pi with entities that provide services for us, like processing your
bill:

  * address and other identifiers – such as name, postal address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
  * unique and online identifiers – ip address, device ids, or other similar identifiers.
  * commercial information – such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
  * internet, gaming or other electronic network activity information – such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. 
  * professional or educational information.
  * video footage (e.g., cctv); audio recordings; photographs; calendar information.
  * location information (see above in "the information we collect").
  * in game or online viewing activities (e.g., videos viewed, pages viewed).
  * inferences drawn from ccpa pi, such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, behaviors

we may have shared each of the above categories of ccpa pi with the following
categories of third parties who perform services on our behalf:

  * product and services delivery companies
  * marketing services companies
  * cloud storage companies
  * credit reporting agencies
  * billing and payment processing companies
  * fraud prevention entities
  * analytics companies

the ccpa defines “sale” very broadly and includes the sharing of ccpa pi for
anything of value. according to this broad definition, in the year before the
date this policy was issued, a ‘sale’ of the following categories of ccpa pi
may have occurred:

  * address and other identifiers – such as name, postal address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
  * unique and online identifiers – ip address, device ids associated with television viewing, or other similar identifiers.
  * commercial information – such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
  * internet, gaming or other electronic network activity information – such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
  * location information (see above in "the information we collect").
  * inferences drawn from ccpa pi, such as individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, behaviors.

we may have sold each of the above categories of ccpa pi to the following
categories of third parties:

  * analytics and measurement providers
  * companies involved in marketing and advertising
  * other at&t companies

**_your right to request disclosure of information we collect and share about
you_**

we are committed to ensuring that you know what information we collect. you
can ask us for the following information:

  * the categories and specific pieces of your ccpa pi that we’ve collected.
  * the categories of sources from which your ccpa pi was collected.
  * the purposes for collecting or selling your ccpa pi.
  * the categories of third parties with whom we shared your ccpa pi.

we are also committed to ensuring that you know what information we share
about you.  you can submit a request to us for the following additional
information:

  * the categories of ccpa pi we’ve sold about you, the categories of third parties to whom we’ve sold that ccpa pi, and the category or categories of ccpa pi sold to each third party.
  * the categories of ccpa pi that we’ve shared with service providers who provide services for us, like processing your bill; the categories of third parties to whom we’ve disclosed that ccpa pi; and the category or categories of ccpa pi disclosed to each third party.

to exercise your right to request the disclosure of your ccpa pi that we
collect or share, either [**visit our ccpa
page**](/csr/home/privacy/statelawapproach/ccpa.html) or contact us at
866-385-3193. these requests for disclosure are generally free.

**_your right to request the deletion of ccpa pi_**

upon your request, we will delete the ccpa pi we have collected about you,
except for situations when that information is necessary for us to: provide
you with a good or service that you requested; perform a contract we entered
into with you; maintain the functionality or security of our systems; comply
with or exercise rights provided by the law; or use the information internally
in ways that are compatible with the context in which you provided the
information to us, or that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based
on your relationship with us.

to exercise your right to request the deletion of your ccpa pi, either
[**visit our ccpa page**](/csr/home/privacy/statelawapproach/ccpa.html) or
contact us at 866-385-3193. requests for deletion of your ccpa pi are
generally free.

**_your right to ask us not to sell your ccpa pi_**

you can always tell us not to sell your ccpa pi by [**visiting our ccpa
page**](/csr/home/privacy/statelawapproach/ccpa.html) or contacting us at
866-385-3193.

once we receive and verify your request, we will not sell your ccpa pi unless
you later allow us to do so. we may ask for your permission to resume sale of
your ccpa pi at a later date, but we will wait at least 12 months before doing
so.  

**_verification of identity —  access or deletion requests_**

**_password protected account._** if you maintain a password-protected account
with us, in most cases you may submit an access or deletion request by
authenticating yourself with a password like you would when you access your
account (see exceptions below in the following paragraph). you’ll have to
authenticate yourself again to access your data or submit your deletion
request.

**_former accountholders, non-accountholders (without password protected
account) – and also firstnet, prepaid and .net accounts._** if you do not have
a password protected account – or have a firstnet, prepaid or .net account –
we will ask to verify your identity using our mobile verification process.
this process captures an image of your identity document, such as your
driver’s license, and compares it to a self-photo you submit. we will only use
this information to verify your identity. we will delete it after the time
expires allowed by the ccpa to process and respond to your request.

if we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to respond to your
request. we will notify you to explain.

**_authorized agents_**

you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. your
agent will need a valid power of attorney or written permission signed by you.
if the agent relies on written permission, we’ll need to verify the agent’s
identity. we may also contact you directly to confirm the permission. your
authorized agent can submit your requests by calling us at 866-385-3193.

**_we don’t mind if you exercise your data rights_**

we are committed to providing you control over your ccpa pi. if you exercise
any of these rights explained in this section of the privacy policy, we will
not disadvantage you. you will not be denied or charged different prices or
rates for goods or services or provided a different level or quality of goods
or services.

**_consumers under 16 years old_**

as of the effective date of this policy, we do not have actual knowledge that
we sell ccpa pi of consumers under 16 years of age. if we collect ccpa pi that
we know is from a child under 16 years old in the future, we will not sell
that information unless we receive affirmative permission to do so. if a child
is between 13 and 16 years of age, the child may provide that permission.

any customer who wishes to request further information about our compliance
with these requirements, or who has questions or concerns about our privacy
practices and policies, can email us at
[privacypolicy@att.com](mailto:privacypolicy@att.com), or write to us at at&t
privacy policy, chief privacy office, 208 s. akard, room 2100, dallas, tx
75202.

##### customer proprietary network information (cpni)

cpni is information about your telecommunications and voip (internet phone)
services from us, including what plans you subscribe to, how you use these
services and billing information. (your telephone number, name and address are
not considered cpni.) we use cpni internally and share it outside at&t only
when conforming with applicable regulations and orders of the federal
communications commission.

learn more _arrow_

we do not share cpni with anyone outside of the at&t affiliates _button icon_
defined above or our authorized agents or vendors without your consent, with
the following authorized exceptions: court orders; as authorized by law; fraud
detection; to provide your service and route your calls; for network
operations and security; aggregate (grouped) information and information that
doesn’t identify you personally.

we do use your cpni internally. we may share information about our customers
among the at&t affiliates and our agents to offer new or enhanced services or
promotions. we can also use your cpni for the purpose of turning it into
aggregate data or information that does not personally identify you.

it is your right and our duty under federal law to protect the confidentiality
of your cpni.

if you don’t want us to use your cpni internally for things like offers, here
is what you can do:

  * opt-out at [att.com/cpni/optout](https://www.att.com/ecpnioptout/initiatecpniform.action).
  * call us at (800) 315.8303, any time of day, and follow the prompts.
  * chat with a service representative at (800) 288.2020 (consumer) or (800) 321.2000 (business).

if you choose to restrict our use of your cpni, it won’t affect your ability
to use any of your services. you can change your mind at any time about
letting us use or not use your cpni. if you restrict your cpni use, you may
still get marketing from us, but it won’t be based on using your cpni.

back to top

#### **how to contact us about this policy**

contact us at either of these addresses for any questions about this policy.

  * e-mail us at [privacypolicy@att.com](mailto:privacypolicy@att.com)
  * write to us at at&t privacy policy, chief privacy office, 208 s. akard, room 2100, dallas, tx 75202.

for questions not related to privacy click on the "contact us" link at the
bottom of any [att.com](http://www.att.com/) page. you also can access your
online account from the upper right hand corner of our home page at
[att.com](http://www.att.com/) for additional service options.

if you are not satisfied with our resolution of any dispute, including with
respect to privacy or data-use concerns, please review a description of our
dispute resolution procedures at <http://www.att.com/disputeresolution>.

you also have the option of filing a complaint with the ftc bureau of consumer
protection, using an [online form](https://www.ftccomplaintassistant.gov/), or
by calling toll-free 877.ftc.help ((877) 382.4357; tty: (866) 653.4261). other
rights and remedies also may be available to you under federal or other
applicable laws.

if you’re a satellite tv subscriber, you also have certain rights under
section 338(i) of the federal communications act.

customer service contact numbers can be found at
[att.com](http://att.com/contactus).

back to top

×

# cookies and other technologies

#### definitions

let's start with what we mean when we use the word "cookie" and other related
terms:

  * **cookies** are small data files. websites place them in your browser to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to that site. cookies are created to keep track of your movements within the site, help you resume where you left off, remember your registered username, preferences and other customizations.

there are a couple of important things to remember about cookies:

    * disabling cookies may prevent you from using specific features on some websites. you’ll need to perform the opt out procedure if you opt out of a program or service and then change computers or web browsers, or clear or erase the digital "cookie" that lets us know you opted out.
    * **local storage cookies.** local storage is a convenient, flexible, secure and faster way to store http state data. it is a method by which our web pages locally store named key/value pairs in a user’s web browser. local storage on att.com is mainly used to store and retrieve data in html pages from our domains. local storage data is session-based and will not persist once the session is over and the browser is closed.
  * **flash cookies** (also called local shared objects or "lsos") are similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. they are used to remember your settings, preferences and usage, and other similar services. flash cookies allow functionality and availability of certain services. if disabled, these services may not function correctly. while browser cookies may be removed or blocked via web browser settings, flash cookies operate differently. please note that setting the flash player to restrict or limit acceptance of flash lsos may reduce or impede the functionality of some flash applications. to learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the [adobe website](https://www.adobe.com/devnet/security.html) and make changes at [global storage settings panel](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager02.html).
  * **web beacons** are small graphic images on a web page or in an e-mail. they can be used for things like recording the pages and advertisements that users click on, or tracking how well an e-mail marketing campaign performs.
  * a **widget** is a small program or application that can be embedded in a web page. it can provide real-time information, such as stock quotes or weather reports. widgets are often provided by a third party and allow them to collect data about users viewing that page.
  * a **server log** records your web activity by your computer or mobile device and plays a key role in improving web page performance and introducing new features. for example, it may record which search terms you’ve entered, or the links you’ve clicked on. it may also record your browser information, such as your ip address, device type, how long you spend on a web page, and your browser's cookies.
  * some websites have “ **social network or other third-party plug-ins**.” these plug-ins may provide information back to those sites, even if you don't click on or interact with the plug-in. it may also apply even if you don’t have an account with them. social networks or third parties may use an identifier when transmitting from your browser. this might include information about your browser type, operating system, device type, ip address and the url of the web page where the plug-in appears. if you use social networking tools or sites, we recommend you take a moment to familiarize yourself with their privacy policies.

#### managing cookies

most browsers will allow you to delete, disable and choose what cookies can be
placed on your computer. if you want more information about controlling
cookies, visit these sites for the browser you are using:

**individual browsers**

  * [internet explorer »](http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows7/block-enable-or-allow-cookies)
  * [internet explorer (mobile devices) »](http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/how-to/wp7/web/changing-privacy-and-other-browser-settings)
  * [safari »](http://support.apple.com/kb/ph5042)
  * [safari mobile (iphones and ipads) »](http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1677)
  * [firefox »](http://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/give-websites-ability-store-passwords-cookies-and-more)
  * [firefox (mobile devices) »](https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/firefox-android-tracking-protection)
  * [chrome »](http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647)
  * [chrome (mobile devices) »](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/2392971?hl=en)

**flash player**

  * [adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security »](https://www.adobe.com/devnet/security.html)



×

# at&t consumer marketing

at&t will maintain a company-specific (internal) do not mail (dnm) list of
existing and prospective residential customers who request not to receive any
at&t marketing materials via us postal mail.

  * consumers must contact the at&t residential care center at 1-800-288-2020 and specify each individual member of the household and each associated address to be added to the dnm list.
  * generally at&t processes dnm requests within 30 days. however, because our mailings are processed well in advance, you may continue to receive additional offers for some time after the request date.'
    * please note that at&t may direct mail market to certain neighborhoods or zip codes. these offerings are delivered to all homes in a neighborhood or zip code. you may continue to receive this type of mailing even if you opt-out of receiving marketing related postal mailings from at&t.
  * dnm requests for an individual consumer at a residential address will remain in effect for three years from the date of request.
  * at&t does not accept dnm requests from third party providers.
  * at&t dnm requests will expire upon change of address.

at&t will not share or disclose dnm information with any third party other
than at&t vendors responsible for direct mail marketing on at&t's behalf.

notifications and other non-solicitation mail pieces are exempt from this
consumer marketing residential dnm policy.

at&t reserves the right to discontinue this consumer marketing residential dnm
policy, and may cease accepting dnm requests or otherwise modify this consumer
marketing residential dnm policy.

×

# affiliates

below is a list of some of the affiliates publicly recognized to be part of
the at&t family of companies that have access to information collected from
users and subscribers to products, services, apps, websites, or networks
provided by at&t communications, as set forth in the at&t privacy policy. this
list is not exhaustive and may be subject to change.

##### publicly recognized, non-at&t branded affiliates of at&t including but
not limited to the following:

  * warner media, llc and affiliates (international and domestic), which include but are not limited to the following:
    * home box office, inc. and family of companies
    * turner broadcasting system, inc. and family of companies including but not limited to: bleacher report, inc., turner broadcasting sales, inc. (dba the turner network), cable news network, inc., the cartoon network, inc., turner classic movies, inc, turner entertainment networks, etc.
    * warner bros. entertainment inc. and family of companies, including but not limited to warner bros. home entertainment inc., wb studio enterprises, inc., warner bros. animation inc., etc.
    * otter media holdings, llc and family of companies
  * xandr companies, which include: at&t adworks llc, and appnexus inc.
  * non-at&t branded affiliates of at&t communications, which include, but are not limited to: cricket entities, game show network, wayport llc, navlink, inc., etc.
  * affiliates of at&t latin america, which include: sky serviços de banda larga ltda. (d/b/a sky brasil), directv latin america, llc, vrio corp. and their affiliates

##### at&t communications companies (domestic and international), which
include but are not limited to the following:

  * directv, llc and its affiliates,
  * at&t mobility companies and all affiliates,
  * at&t landline, broadband and u-verse companies (e.g. at&t california, at&t wisconsin, etc.) and other similar at&t communication companies (e.g. at&t long distance, at&t messaging, llc)

##### affiliates of at&t latin america:

  * at&t comunicaciones digitales, s. de r.l. de c.v., at&t comercialización móvil, s. de r. l. de c.v.

×

# we've updated our privacy policy

on june 19th, we updated the section of our privacy policy on the california
consumer privacy act.  


  * we added a description of how we verify your identity before processing your request to access or delete your data.
  * we added information about sources of data we collect and with whom we may share it.
  * we describe how you can designate an authorized agent to make your requests.
  * see the prior version of the [privacy policy](https://about.att.com/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/attfullprivacypolicy-03162020.pdf)

# looking for the full privacy policy?

we’ve done our best to give you the high-level points in an easy-to-understand
format on this site, but we understand that sometimes you want the full
policy.

[view the full privacy policy](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html)

have questions about the privacy policy?

we encourage you to contact us directly for any questions about this privacy
policy.  
  

[email us](mailto:privacypolicy@att.com)

sitemap

  * [

## your choices, tips & tune-ups

](/csr/privacy/rights_choices.html) __

  * [privacy choices](/csr/privacy/rights_choices.html?tab=privacy)
  * [tips & tune-ups](/csr/privacy/rights_choices.html?tab=tips)
  * [contact us](/csr/privacy/rights_choices.html?tab=contact)

  * [

## at&t privacy policy

](/csr/privacy/overview.html) __

  * [introduction](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html)
  * [the information we collect](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#collect-information)
  * [how we collect your information](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#how-collect)
  * [how we use your information](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#how-use)
  * [ how we share your information ](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#how-share)
  * [your privacy choices and controls](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#choice)
  * [security](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#security)
  * [data storage, transfer, retention and accuracy](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#storage)
  * [other privacy information](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#other)
  * [how to contact us about this policy](/csr/privacy/full_privacy_policy.html#contact-us)
  * recent updates

  * [

## global approach

](/csr/privacy/global_approach.html) __

  * [website user gdpr privacy notice](/csr/privacy/global_approach/gdpr_privacy_notice)
  * [att business customer gdpr privacy notice](/ecms/dam/csr/privacy/gdpr-customer-privacy-notice-jan_2021.pdf)

  * [

## transparency report

](/csr/privacy/transparencyreport.html) __

  * [view on the web](//about.att.com/csr/home/frequently-requested-info/governance/transparencyreport.html)
  * [download the english pdf](/ecms/dam/csr/2019/library/transparency/2020-august-report.pdf)
  * [download the spanish pdf](/ecms/dam/csr/2019/library/transparency/2020-august-report-in-spanish.pdf)

×

