# at&t; acceptable use policy

### documents

  * [policy center home](/legal/legal-policy-center.html)
  * [general policies](/legal/general-policies.html)
  * ►

[ wireless](/legal/wireless.html)

  * [wireless customer agreement](/legal/terms.wirelesscustomeragreement-list.html)
  * ►

[ customer agreement and plans - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/wireless/prepaid-
agreements-terms.html)

  * [terms of service - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/terms.prepaidserviceagreement.html)
  * [plan terms - at&t; prepaid℠](/legal/terms.prepaidplanterms.html)
  * [at&t; prepaid℠ autopay terms for customers enrolled effective 4/24/17](/legal/terms.prepaidautopayterms.html)
  * [at&t; prepaid℠ autopay terms for customers enrolled prior to 4/24/17](/legal/terms.prepaidautopaytermsprior04242017.html)
  * [data services agreement](/legal/terms.sessionbasedwirelessdataservicesagreement.list.html)
  * [applications, services, and features](/legal/wireless/applications-services-features.html)
  * ►

[ policies and processes](/legal/wireless/general-wireless-policies-
processes.html)

  * [at&t; maps and coverage area information](http://www.att.com/maps/wireless-coverage.html)
  * [upgrade advantage(sm)](http://www.att.com/shop/wireless/upgrade-advantage.html )
  * [information on wireless telephones and health](/legal/terms.informationonwirelesstelephonesandhealth.html)
  * [online pricing ](/legal/terms.onlineprice.html)
  * [returns policy and early termination fee ](http://www.att.com/shop/wireless/returnpolicy.html )
  * [shipping information](/legal/terms.shippinginformation.html)
  * [warranty exchange program terms and conditions](/legal/terms.exhibitr.html)
  * [paperless billing disclosures ](/legal/terms.exhibitv.html)
  * [other charges applicable to wireless services](/legal/terms.otherchargesapplicabletowireless.html)
  * ►

at&t next

  * [privacy notice for at&t; next installment agreements](/legal/terms.attnextprivacypolicy.html)
  * [retail installment agreement](/legal/terms.deviceinstallmentplan.html)
  * [business](/legal/business.html)
  * [digital life®](/legal/digital-life.html)
  * [at&t; tv](/legal/att-tv.html)
  * [directv](/legal/directv.html)
  * [home phone](/legal/home-phone.html)
  * [internet & email](/legal/internet-and-email.html)
  * [u-verse® tv and at&t; phone](/legal/uverse-tv.html)

print

to be notified of changes to the acceptable use policy, please complete the
form available at <http://www.corp.att.com/aup/subscribe.html>.

### introduction

at&t is at all times committed to complying with the laws and regulations
governing use of the internet, e-mail transmission and text messaging and
preserving for all of its customers the ability to use at&t's network and the
internet without interference or harassment from other users. the at&t
acceptable use policy ("aup") is designed to help achieve these goals.

**by using ip service(s), as defined below, customer(s) agrees to comply with
this acceptable use policy and to remain responsible for its users. at &t
reserves the right to change or modify the terms of the aup at any time,
effective when posted on at&t's web site at
[www.att.com/aup](http://www.att.com/aup). customer's use of the ip service(s)
after changes to the aup are posted shall constitute acceptance of any changed
or additional terms.**

### scope of the aup

the aup applies to the at&t services that provide (or include) access to the
internet, including hosting services (software applications and hardware), or
are provided over the internet or wireless data networks (collectively "ip
services").

### prohibited activities

#### general prohibitions:

at&t prohibits use of the ip services in any way that is unlawful, harmful to
or interferes with use of at&t's network or systems, or the network of any
other provider, interferes with the use or enjoyment of services received by
others, infringes intellectual property rights, results in the publication of
threatening or offensive material, or constitutes spam/e-mail/usenet abuse, a
security risk or a violation of privacy.

failure to adhere to the rules, guidelines or agreements applicable to search
engines, subscription web services, chat areas, bulletin boards, web pages,
usenet, applications, or other services that are accessed via a link from the
at&t-branded website or from a website that contains at&t-branded content is a
violation of this aup.

#### unlawful activities:

ip services shall not be used in connection with any criminal, civil or
administrative violation of any applicable local, state, provincial, federal,
national or international law, treaty, court order, ordinance, regulation or
administrative rule.

#### violation of intellectual property rights:

ip service(s) shall not be used to publish, submit/receive, upload/download,
post, use, copy or otherwise reproduce, transmit, re-transmit, distribute or
store any content/material or to engage in any activity that infringes,
misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights or
privacy or publicity rights of at&t or any individual, group or entity,
including but not limited to any rights protected by any copyright, patent,
trademark laws, trade secret, trade dress, right of privacy, right of
publicity, moral rights or other intellectual property right now known or
later recognized by statute, judicial decision or regulation.

#### threatening material or content:

ip services shall not be used to host, post, transmit, or re-transmit any
content or material (or to create a domain name or operate from a domain
name), that harasses, or threatens the health or safety of others. in
addition, for those ip services that utilize at&t provided web hosting, at&t
reserves the right to decline to provide such services if the content is
determined by at&t to be obscene, indecent, hateful, malicious, racist,
defamatory, fraudulent, libelous, treasonous, excessively violent or promoting
the use of violence or otherwise harmful to others.

#### inappropriate interaction with minors:

at&t complies with all applicable laws pertaining to the protection of minors,
including when appropriate, reporting cases of child exploitation to the
national center for missing and exploited children. for more information about
online safety, visit [www.ncmec.org](http://www.ncmec.org/) or
[www.att.com/safety](http://www.att.com/safety).

#### child pornography:

ip services shall not be used to publish, submit/receive, upload/download,
post, use, copy or otherwise produce, transmit, distribute or store child
pornography. suspected violations of this prohibition may be reported to at&t
at the following e-mail address: [cp@abuse-att.net](mailto:cp@abuse-att.net).
at&t will report any discovered violation of this prohibition to the national
center for missing and exploited children and take steps to remove child
pornography (or otherwise block access to the content determined to contain
child pornography) from its servers.

#### spam/e-mail/usenet abuse:

violation of the can-spam act of 2003, or any other applicable law regulating
e-mail services, constitutes a violation of this aup.

spam/e-mail or usenet abuse is prohibited using ip services. examples of
spam/e-mail or usenet abuse include but are not limited to the following
activities:

  * sending multiple unsolicited electronic mail messages or "mail-bombing" – to one or more recipient;
  * sending unsolicited commercial e-mail, or unsolicited electronic messages directed primarily at the advertising or promotion of products or services;
  * sending unsolicited electronic messages with petitions for signatures or requests for charitable donations, or sending any chain mail related materials;
  * sending bulk electronic messages without identifying, within the message, a reasonable means of opting out from receiving additional messages from the sender;
  * sending electronic messages, files or other transmissions that exceed contracted for capacity or that create the potential for disruption of the at&t network or of the networks with which at&t interconnects, by virtue of quantity, size or otherwise;
  * using another site's mail server to relay mail without the express permission of that site;
  * using another computer, without authorization, to send multiple e-mail messages or to retransmit e-mail messages for the purpose of misleading recipients as to the origin or to conduct any of the activities prohibited by this aup;
  * using ip addresses that the customer does not have a right to use;
  * collecting the responses from unsolicited electronic messages;
  * maintaining a site that is advertised via unsolicited electronic messages, regardless of the origin of the unsolicited electronic messages;
  * sending messages that are harassing or malicious, or otherwise could reasonably be predicted to interfere with another party's quiet enjoyment of the ip services or the internet (e.g., through language, frequency, size or otherwise);
  * using distribution lists containing addresses that include those who have opted out;
  * sending electronic messages that do not accurately identify the sender, the sender's return address, the e-mail address of origin, or other information contained in the subject line or header;
  * falsifying packet header, sender, or user information whether in whole or in part to mask the identity of the sender, originator or point of origin;
  * using redirect links in unsolicited commercial e-mail to advertise a website or service;
  * posting a message to more than ten (10) online forums or newsgroups, that could reasonably be expected to generate complaints;
  * intercepting, redirecting or otherwise interfering or attempting to interfere with e-mail intended for third parties;
  * knowingly deleting any author attributions, legal notices or proprietary designations or labels in a file that the user mails or sends;
  * using, distributing, advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available any software program, product, or service that is designed to violate this aup or the aup of any other internet service provider, including, but not limited to, the facilitation of the means to spam.

### security violations

customers are responsible for ensuring and maintaining security of their
systems and the machines that connect to and use ip service(s), including
implementation of necessary patches and operating system updates.

ip services may not be used to interfere with, gain unauthorized access to, or
otherwise violate the security of at&t's (or another party's) server, network,
network access, personal computer or control devices, software or data, or
other system, or to attempt to do any of the foregoing. examples of system or
network security violations include but are not limited to:

  * unauthorized monitoring, scanning or probing of network or system or any other action aimed at the unauthorized interception of data or harvesting of e-mail addresses;
  * hacking, attacking, gaining access to, breaching, circumventing or testing the vulnerability of the user authentication or security of any host, network, server, personal computer, network access and control devices, software or data without express authorization of the owner of the system or network;
  * impersonating others or secretly or deceptively obtaining personal information of third parties (phishing, etc.);
  * using any program, file, script, command or transmission of any message or content of any kind, designed to interfere with a terminal session, the access to or use of the internet or any other means of communication;
  * distributing or using tools designed to compromise security (including but not limited to snmp tools), including cracking tools, password guessing programs, packet sniffers or network probing tools (except in the case of authorized legitimate network security operations);
  * knowingly uploading or distributing files that contain viruses, spyware, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, corrupted files, root kits or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer, network system or other property, or be used to engage in modem or system hi-jacking;
  * engaging in the transmission of pirated software;
  * with respect to dial-up accounts, using any software or device designed to defeat system time-out limits or to allow customer's account to stay logged on while customer is not actively using the ip services or using such account for the purpose of operating a server of any type;
  * using manual or automated means to avoid any use limitations placed on the ip services;
  * providing guidance, information or assistance with respect to causing damage or security breach to at&t's network or systems, or to the network of any other ip service provider;
  * failure to take reasonable security precautions to help prevent violation(s) of this aup.

### customer responsibilities

customers remain solely and fully responsible for the content of any material
posted, hosted, downloaded/uploaded, created, accessed or transmitted using
the ip services. at&t has no responsibility for any material created on the
at&t's network or accessible using ip services, including content provided on
third-party websites linked to the at&t network. such third-party website
links are provided as internet navigation tools for informational purposes
only, and do not constitute in any way an endorsement by at&t of the
content(s) of such sites.

customers are responsible for taking prompt corrective action(s) to remedy a
violation of aup and to help prevent similar future violations.

### aup enforcement and notice

**customer's failure to observe the guidelines set forth in this aup may
result in at &t taking actions anywhere from a warning to a suspension or
termination of customer's ip services.** when feasible, at&t may provide
customer with a notice of an aup violation via e-mail or otherwise allowing
the customer to promptly correct such violation.

**at &t reserves the right, however, to act immediately and without notice to
suspend or terminate affected ip services in response to a court order or
government notice that certain conduct must be stopped, or when at&t
reasonably determines that the customer's use of the affected ip services may:
(1) expose at&t to sanctions, prosecution, civil action or any other
liability; (2) cause harm to or interfere with the integrity or normal
operations of at&t's network or networks with which at&t is interconnected;
(3) interfere with another at&t customer's use of ip services or the internet;
(4) violate any applicable law, rule or regulation; or (5) otherwise present
an imminent risk of harm to at&t or at&t customers.**

### copyright infringement & digital millennium copyright act

at&t respects the intellectual property rights of others. the digital
millennium copyright act of 1998 (the "dmca" found at 17 u.s.c. § 512)
provides that owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under
u.s. copyright law have been infringed may report alleged infringements to
service providers like at&t. in accordance with the dmca and other applicable
laws, at&t maintains a policy that provides for the termination of ip
services, under appropriate circumstances, if customers are found to be a
repeat infringer and/or if customers' ip services are used repeatedly for
infringement (the "repeat infringer policy"). at&t may terminate ip services
at any time with or without notice to customers.

at&t has no obligation to investigate possible copyright infringements with
respect to materials transmitted by customer or any other users of the ip
services. however, at&t will process valid notifications of claimed
infringement under the dmca, and continued receipt of infringement
notifications for customer's account will be used as a factor in determining
whether customer is a repeat infringer. in addition, at&t may voluntarily
participate, on terms acceptable to at&t, in copyright alert and graduated
response programs.

### incident reporting

any complaints (other than claims of copyright infringement) regarding
violation of this aup by an at&t customer (or its user) should be directed to
[abuse@att.net](mailto:abuse@att.net). where possible, include details that
would assist at&t in investigating and resolving such complaint (e.g.,
expanded headers, ip address(s), a copy of the offending transmission and any
log files).

### dmca copyright notifications:

pursuant to 17 u.s.c. §§ 512(b)–(d), a copyright holder may send at&t a valid
notification of claimed copyright infringement under the dmca. for further
information regarding such notifications, see
<https://www.att.com/legal/terms.dmca.html>. at&t's designated agent to
receive notifications of claimed infringement as described in dmca subsection
512(c)(3) is:

registered copyright agent  
4825 creekstone drive, suite 300  
durham, nc 27703  
e-mail: [copyright@att.com](mailto:copyright@att.com)

due to the substantial volume of notifications of claimed infringement that
at&t receives and processes, we are unable to accept notices of alleged
copyright infringement via this designated agent or email address other than
notifications of claimed infringement sent pursuant to sections 512(b)–(d).

at&t also provides transitory digital network communications services,
pursuant to 17 u.s.c. § 512(a). in connection with such services, at&t
provides an online form that copyright holders should use to send
notifications related to alleged copyright infringement by its users based on
the standards of the automated copyright notice system (ancs). copyright
holders should use this online form to submit complaints related to alleged
peer-to-peer file sharing (i.e. sharing media files via peer-to-peer
networking technology), or other forms of copyright notice other than those
sent pursuant to sections 512(b)–(d) of the dmca ("isp conduit notices"). by
submitting complaints using this online form, we are able to more efficiently
manage and process isp conduit notices. due to the substantial volume of
copyright notices that at&t receives, we are unable to guarantee processing of
isp conduit notices that are sent by other means. copyright holders can access
at&t's online form at [att.com/p2pnotices](https://att.com/p2pnotices). please
note that copyright holders must complete all fields in the online form before
submitting.

### contact information:

any notification that at&t sends to its customers pursuant to this aup will be
sent via e-mail to the e-mail address on file with at&t, or may be in writing
to customer's address of record. it is customer's responsibility to promptly
notify at&t of any change of contact information.

effective date: july 28, 2017

