[ ](/home)

[log in](/login?returnurl=%2flegal%2fsecurity) [sign
up](/signup?returnurl=%2flegal%2fsecurity)

## trello operations and security*

_*for users accessing trello through an atlassian account see theadditional
policies and procedures below._

### certifications and assessments

trello, inc. (“we”, “us” or “our”) is soc2 type 2 certified—we receive and
review our data hosting providers’ soc1 and soc2 reports every 6 months under
nda. trello is iso/iec 27001 certified which validates our information
security management system (isms) and the implementation of our security
controls. more information is available on the [atlassian trust management
system](https://www.atlassian.com/trust/security/security-management-program).
trello is pci-dss certified.

### gdpr and data transfers from europe to the us

trello, as an atlassian company, invests significant resources in maintaining
compliance with the gdpr and we also aim to help our customers comply with the
processes and policies outlined. atlassian also adheres to standard
contractual clauses as a means to transfer data from the eea and uk to the us.
[learn more](https://www.atlassian.com/trust/privacy).

### vulnerability detection and bug bounty program

automated scans of trello's production site are conducted a minimum of every 7
days. all changes are peer reviewed and vulnerability and security lists are
actively monitored for cve and other vulnerability disclosures with
appropriate actions taken. we participate in an active bug bounty program on
[bugcrowd](https://bugcrowd.com/trello) and mitigate all material findings as
appropriate.

### data centers and location

trello production services are hosted on amazon web services’ (“aws”) ec2
platform. the physical servers are located in aws’s ec2 data centers. as of
this date, aws (i) has certifications for compliance with iso/iec 27001:2013,
27017:2015 and 27018:2014, (ii) is certified as a pci dss 3.2 level 1 service
provider, and (iii) undergoes soc 1, soc 2 and soc 3 audits (with semi-annual
reports). additional details about aws’ compliance programs, including fedramp
compliance, can be found at aws’ website.1

all user content is stored within us regions of aws and google cloud storage
("gcs"). trello’s production environment is hosted on an aws ec2 platform.
user content can also be found in trello backups, stored in aws ec2, s3,
glacier, and gcs.

we do not offer customers the option of hosting trello on a private server, or
to otherwise use trello on a separate infrastructure.

### production environment

we maintain separate and distinct production, staging, and development
environments for trello.

to access trello’s production environment, authorized and trained members of
trello's sre and select engineering team members (“authorized personnel”)
authenticate to the vpn using unique strong passwords and totp based 2fa and
then only access the production environment via ssh terminal connections using
passphrase protected personal rsa certificates. an ids system is in place on
all production servers, which includes real-time monitoring and alerting of
any changes to the production system files or configuration and anomalous
security events. for authorized personnel, any workstations running windows or
macos must be running current and active anti-virus software. those members
are also trained not to replicate non-public user data stored in trello’s
production environment onto their workstations or mobile devices.

### network security

aws network acl and security groups are used to restrict access to trello’s
systems as appropriate to their role. active monitoring of these security
rules is in place with alerting mechanisms in place for any changes to the
configuration. public access is restricted to port 443 and 80 on the network
load balancers for public traffic. atlassian's workplace technology team
protects our wireless networks by utilizing wpa2-aes authentication and peap-
eap-mschapv2 encryption. we authenticate to our wireless network through
802.1x utilizing our internal identity store. we scan for rogue wireless
access points regularly, and maintain a list of rogue access points found.

### login security

saml 2.0 sso is supported for trello enterprise customers. all customers can
enable 2fa on their accounts or use google oauth. if sso or oauth is used to
access trello, trello will inherit the login security settings in the user's
idp or google account.

if logging in directly to trello using a username or email and password,
trello requires a minimum of 8 characters. repeated failed login attempts
trigger a 30 second lock before a user can retry. passwords are stored in a
hashed form and will never be sent via email—upon account creation and
password reset, trello will send a link to the email associated with the
account that will enable the user to create a new password.

password complexity and session length requirements cannot be customized
within the app. however, these can be set within an idp for an sso-enforced
team.

### access control

all user data stored in trello is protected in accordance with our obligations
in the [atlassian cloud terms of
service](https://www.atlassian.com/legal/cloud-terms-of-service), and access
to such data by authorized personnel is based on the principle of least
privilege. only authorized personnel have direct access to trello’s production
systems. those who do have direct access to production systems are only
permitted to view user data stored in trello in the aggregate, for
troubleshooting purposes or as otherwise permitted in trello’s [privacy
policy](/privacy).

trello maintains a list of authorized personnel with access to the production
environment. these members undergo criminal background checks and are approved
by trello’s engineering management. trello also maintain a list of personnel
who are permitted to access trello code, as well as the development and
staging environments. these lists are reviewed quarterly and upon role change.

trained members of the atlassian and trello customer support teams also have
case-specific, limited access to user data stored in trello through restricted
access customer support tools. customer support team members are not
authorized to review non-public user data stored in trello for customer
support purposes without explicit permission. when a trello user submits a
support ticket, they have the option of authorizing the customer support team
to view their data. the customer support team will only receive such access to
the account if it is granted by the user, either by selecting the "give
support staff temporary access to your account" option when submitting a help
request, or by clicking a link sent to the user's email by the support team.
the account owner can revoke such access at any time.2

upon role change or leaving the company, the production credentials of
authorized personnel are deactivated, and their sessions are forcibly logged
out. thereafter, all such accounts are removed or changed.

### public content and other permissions

user data entered on public boards or included in public profile information
may be viewed or accessed by anyone. in addition, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary, data may be collected, shared, retained and used as described in
trello’s [privacy policy](/privacy) or customer’s agreement(s) with trello.

### third party access

user data may be shared by trello with third-party service providers (a user's
email address for an email delivery provider, for example) pursuant to
trello’s [privacy policy](/privacy) and in compliance with trello’s applicable
signed service agreements.

### physical security

in some instances our offices share buildings with other companies. for that
reason, we require mandatory visitor check-in with the building security team
and that visitors wear identification badges. additionally, visitors must
check-in with our front desk and require an escort throughout the building at
all times. employee access to physical facilities is protected by electronic
badge readers and building security. cctv covers entry and exit points 24/7
with logs made available to us internally.

trello's production services are hosted on amazon web services’ (“aws”) ec2
platform. the physical servers are located in aws’ secure data centers.3 we
require that production critical data is never to be stored by those with
privileged access on physical media outside of our data hosting provider's
production environments. see above for information on aws’ compliance
programs.

### corporate environment and removable media

strict firewall rules prohibit access to necessary ports for the usage of
trello (e.g., 443), to help ensure limited access to the production
environment to our vpn network and authorized systems. our corporate network
has no additional access to the production environment, with authorized
personnel required to connect to the vpn in order to access any special
systems or environments.

authorized personnel with access to trello’s production environment are
trained as noted above. in addition, employee workstations are required to
time out and lock after a maximum of one minute once sleep or the screen saver
begins. we do not have a clean desk policy.

### encryption in-transit

trello uses industry standard transport layer security (“tls”) to create a
secure connection using 128-bit advanced encryption standard (“aes”)
encryption. this includes all data sent between the web, desktop, ios, and
android apps and the trello servers. there is no non-tls option for connecting
to trello. all connections are made securely over https.

### encryption at-rest

data drives on servers holding user data use full disk, industry-standard aes
encryption with a unique encryption key for each server. file attachments to
trello cards are stored in amazon’s s3 service. each such attachment is
assigned a unique link with an unguessable, cryptographically strong random
component, and are only accessible using a secure https connection. file
attachments to trello cards uploaded after june 3, 2015 are encrypted using
amazon s3 server side 256-bit aes encryption. the encryption, key management,
and decryption process is inspected and verified internally by amazon on a
regular basis as part of their existing audit process. at an enterprise
customer’s request, attachments uploaded prior to june 3, 2015 can be
retroactively encrypted within amazon s3. all trello backups are encrypted
with aes encryption.

### encryption keys

encryption keys for trello attachments, stored in s3, are managed by amazon.
the encryption, key management, and decryption process is inspected and
verified internally by amazon on a regular basis as part of their existing
audit process. encryption keys for trello attachments managed by our team are
rotated upon relevant changes of roles or employment status. encryption keys
managed by our team are not stored outside of trello’s production backup
environment and are managed by the our sre team. trello backups are of the
entire data set, so they are encrypted using a shared key.

### data deletion - termination of agreement

upon termination of a trello business class or enterprise contract, if
requested by the trello customer’s administrator, the user content that is
stored on the terminated team’s boards, lists and cards will be completely
removed from the live trello production database. all file attachments
uploaded directly to trello will be removed from the live trello production
database within 30 days. the team’s data will remain in encrypted trello
database backups until those backups fall out of the 90-day backup retention
window and are destroyed in accordance with our data retention policy. in the
event that a database restore is necessary within 90 days of a requested data
deletion, we will re-delete the data as soon as reasonably possible after the
live production system is fully restored.

for clarity, if a customer continues to use trello pursuant to a free account
or different plan following the termination of a business class or enterprise
contract, such data may be retained for use in accordance with the terms and
conditions applicable to such account or plan.

### data deletion - user personal data

in the case of a trello user account being deleted, upon deletion, trello
deletes the user’s personal data, including items like name, email address and
location, within 30 days of the request. after 30 days, such personal data
will remain in encrypted trello database backups until those backups fall out
of the 90-day retention window and are completely destroyed.

in certain cases where trello has a legitimate business or legal purpose to do
so, trello may keep user personal data. some examples of this include
financial information related to things like purchases and billing records;
records showing why the account was deleted; or data relating to a litigation
or other legal inquiry.

upon deletion of an individual user account, trello does not automatically
delete the content that was created by individual users in trello. for
example, items typed into cards like a comment or an added file will remain
visible even if the removed user no longer exists. the applicable team’s
administrators or users, depending on the permission settings, would need to
delete that content manually.

users may have installed third party applications or custom applications,
e.g., power-ups, that add features to trello. these apps may have stored user
personal data. to see a list of apps that may have stored personal data, users
should navigate to their trello settings page (before deleting their account).

### development, patch and configuration management

all changes to the trello production system, be they code or system
configuration changes, require review prior to deployment to the production
environment. thousands of automated unit tests are run against all production
code prior to deployment. production code is also subject to regularly
conducted automated vulnerability scans. all changes to trello’s code are
tested in a staging environment prior to deployment to production. patches to
the trello web client are deployed on a rolling basis, usually several times
per week. trello production servers are managed via a centralized
configuration system. all trello system changes are peer reviewed and patches
are deployed as relevant to their level of security and stability impact, with
critical patches able to be deployed well within 24 hours of availability as
appropriate.

we restrict access as noted above and maintain separate lists of relevant
roles with access to source code, development, staging, and production
environments. these lists are reviewed quarterly and upon role change. we use
source code management tools and repositories.

all production servers are running a lts (long term support) distribution of
their operating system to ensure timely updates are available. cve lists and
notifications are actively monitored and any systems can be patched in a
timeline relevant to the severity of the issue. a centralized configuration
system is used for the management of production servers, and when needed a
patch can be deployed within hours of its availability.

### event logging

certain user actions which manipulate user data are stored within trello and
are available for the customer/user (e.g., when viewing the action history on
a card, board, or team). this information is available within trello unless a
card is deleted (not archived), at which point it cannot be restored.

all trello api calls and application logs are kept for our internal purposes
for at least 45 days without sensitive information (no full user tokens, no
user generated content), and are available only for authorized employees as
required by their role for monitoring of trello to ensure service availability
and performance and to prevent abuse.

application logs for trello are centrally collected in splunk for a minimum of
45 days for monitoring and analysis. security, authentication, and intrusion
detection system (ids) logs for trello are additionally retained in s3
cloudwatch buckets with a 12 month lifecycle to ensure retention.

### asset management

atlassian maintains asset management policies and implementation guidelines.
this policy is reviewed and updated in line with our policy management program
(pmp). assets are transferred upon role change or leaving the company. for
more information, see: [security management
program](https://www.atlassian.com/trust/security/security-management-
program). you can review the high level statements of each of our internal
policies at: [ismp policies](https://www.atlassian.com/trust/security/ismp-
policies)

### data within trello

trello validates files for well-formedness and the like, however, we have
explicitly designed trello to support any type of content users may choose to
store within trello. all attachments are stored and accessed from a completely
separate domain to help prevent any potential access by such attachment to
other user data or cookies.

### user team management and access

admins for a trello enterprise account will be set via the customer’s account
manager. admin, regular, and observer roles can be assigned within trello.

it is not possible to limit the geolocations allowed to access data within
trello. data can be accessed by users who have access to such data within the
app from any geolocation. all third-party developer access to user data stored
in trello is via the api which includes strict authorization checks. all
authorized personnel go through strict security group/firewall rules which
limits access to authorized instance roles on authorized ports required for
them to fulfill their role.

power-ups cannot be restricted within a team. power-ups which connect trello
to other services (such as evernote or dropbox) may require authentication
with an existing account in that service before the power-up is active. if
working within a corporate environment, the domain used to authenticate that
account can be blocked in your environment's firewall.

## backup, business continuity, and disaster recovery policy

### backup policy

data entered into trello is backed up regularly. all backups are encrypted and
stored at multiple offsite locations to help ensure that they are available in
the unlikely event that a restore is necessary.

files uploaded to trello as card attachments are not backed up on the same
schedule, and instead rely on amazon s3’s internal redundancy mechanism.

files associated with trello cards from a supported cloud storage provider are
also subject to the storage provider’s own backup procedures and policies.

trello database backups are immediately encrypted with 256-bit aes encryption
using gnu privacy guard (“gpg”) with a password-protected symmetric cipher.
encrypted backups can only be decrypted by members of the trello operations
team who have received training and have been authorized to decrypt the
backups.

because user data stored in trello is on a shared infrastructure, it is not
possible for us to recover a subset of that information from backups. if any
customer is particularly concerned with maintaining a complete record of their
information in trello, we suggest that such customer frequently exports its
data or use our api4 to connect a dlp tool to trello.

### backup interval

a rolling live replica of trello’s primary database is constantly being taken
on a 1-hour delay. additionally, a full backup snapshot of the primary
database is taken once every 24 hours.

### backup storage

all trello backups are retained on the following schedule:

  * aws ec2 on a dedicated backup server for two days
  * aws s3 for 7 days
  * google cloud storage for 30 days
  * aws glacier for 90 days

only authorized members of the trello operations team have access to the
backup locations, so that they are able to monitor the performance of the
backup processes, and in the very unlikely event that a restore becomes
necessary. after 90 days, the encrypted backup files are destroyed.

attachments directly uploaded to trello are handled differently than the
primary database backups. to backup file attachments, trello primarily relies
on s3’s internal redundancy mechanism, which amazon states provides 99.99%
yearly data durability. attachments are also backed up to google cloud storage
for additional redundancy.

### data portability

trello board data is available for export by board members in json format via
the trello rest api. file attachments can be individually retrieved directly
from amazon s3 using the file’s unique hyperlink.

trello personal data is available for export by individual users in json
format and can be found by clicking this link. the “download personal data”
button will export personal data and deliver it via an api endpoint in json
format.

trello business class and enterprise plans offer a simplified data export
process for all team data and attachments. each business class and enterprise
team includes one-click export of all boards within the team. optionally, file
attachments uploaded directly to trello can be included in the export file.
within the export, each board’s data is included in both json and comma
separated values (“csv”) format.

### business continuity

the trello operations team has designed systems to keep the service running
even if the underlying infrastructure experiences an outage or other
significant issue. every critical trello service has a secondary, replicated
service running simultaneously with mirrored data in a different aws
availability zone than the primary server. additionally, each trello database
server has a replicated service running in a third availability zone with data
that is mirrored on a one hour delay.

because it is critical to have reliable access to your business’ important
projects and data, trello has been architected to survive a single
availability zone outage without significant service interruptions.

### disaster recovery

in the unlikely event that two amazon ec2 availability zones have long-term
service interruptions, trello has been designed to recover with limited
service interruption and a target maximum of 1 hour of data loss.

in the even more unlikely event that trello’s entire aws ec2 region is
irrecoverably lost, we will restore servers using automated configuration
systems. in this event, trello’s systems are designed to recover user data as
quickly as reasonably possible, with a target of no more than of 24 hours of
data loss.

trello's sre team regularly tests the various components of its business
continuity architecture to ensure continued operations. trello does not
currently run anything like chaos monkey.

trello does not have an sla or credit policy. trello had over 99.99% uptime in
2018 and 2019, and any downtime is documented at trello's status page.5

### incidents and response

a trello problem impacting a trello enterprise customer will be assigned a
severity level and handled according to the resolutions in table 1.

table 1: incidents and response severity levels:

level | description | resolution | examples  
---|---|---|---  
severity 1 | trello is not available or is unusable. | work begins within 1
hour from report, temporary resolution within 4 hours, final resolution within
7 hours. | the site is not responding; all text on the site is being
translated into elven runes.  
severity 2 | service or performance is substantially degraded in a way that
prevents normal use. | work begins within 2 hours from report, temporary
resolution within 48 hours, final resolution within 14 days. | search only
finds cards with the search terms in the title; trello cannot be used with the
new firefox version that came out today.  
severity 3 | a service not essential to trello’s main functionality is
unavailable or degraded. | work begins within 72 hours from report, temporary
resolution within 7 days, final resolution within 30 days. | activity
indicators are not showing who is active; updates are taking 30 seconds to
propagate to other board viewers.  
severity 4 | minor or cosmetic issues with trello services, and all feature
requests. | resolution at trello team’s discretion. | board background images
aren’t scaling properly; feature request for dependencies between cards.  
  
## employee policies

### anti-virus

trello has a centrally managed antivirus solution deployed across both our
windows and macos environments. for authorized personnel, any workstations
running windows or macos used for ssh terminal access to the production
environment must be running update-to-date and active instances of our
centrally deployed cylance antivirus software with real-time monitoring and
at-least-daily updates.

authorized personnel may choose to run linux as their workstation operating
system. given the inadequate state of linux antivirus software and the lack of
prevalence of viruses for that platform, our policy does not require those
workstations to run antivirus. all of the existing controls for authorized
personnel, including restricting access from those workstations to the
production environment via ssh terminal connections only and with no
replication of user data onto those workstations, still apply.

### remote access

many of trello’s team members work remotely. strict firewall rules are in
place thus limiting access to the production environment to our vpn network
and authorized systems. certain other controls described above, including
authorized personnel and corporate environment controls, also apply to remote
access as appropriate.

### security awareness and confidentiality

security awareness and user data access policies are covered during our
employee onboarding as appropriate to the role and employees are updated as
relevant policies or practices change. our employees also sign a
confidentiality agreement.

in the event that a security policy is breached by an employee, trello
reserves the right to determine the appropriate response, which may include
termination.

### background checks

all our employees undergo an extensive interview process before hiring. our
employees with direct access to the production environment undergo a criminal
background check. other employees may undergo a check depending on their role
(e.g., academic for legal roles or credit for finance roles). appropriate ndas
are in place with third parties as appropriate.

## maintenance policy

### planned maintenance

when it is necessary to perform planned maintenance on trello services, the
trello operations team will perform the work during one of two scheduled
weekly maintenance windows. we will make reasonable efforts to announce
maintenance procedures that could potentially impact users of trello on the
@trellostatus twitter account6 at least 24 hours prior to the event, and via
an in-app announcement at least 30 minutes prior to the event.

### planned maintenance windows

  * tuesday from 10:00 pm us eastern time through wednesday at 2:00 am us eastern time
  * saturday from 10:00 pm us eastern time through sunday at 2:00 am us eastern time

these windows have been selected with the goal of minimizing service downtime,
slowness, or other impact to the people and businesses that rely on trello.

we do our best to make outages as short as possible. additionally, our
maintenance schedule will frequently be evaluated to ensure that we keep user
impact as low as reasonably possible. should we need to reschedule these
windows, the updated schedule will be announced on our status blog and twitter
accounts with reasonable advance notice.

### unplanned maintenance

due to unforeseen events, we may have to infrequently perform unplanned
maintenance on trello infrastructure or software components. this maintenance
might cause some or all of the trello services to be inaccessible by our users
for a period of time. it is our goal to do this as infrequently as possible.
any unplanned or emergency maintenance that causes trello to be inaccessible
will be announced on the trello status blog and in-app with as much advance
notice as reasonably possible. as with planned maintenance, we do our best to
minimize disruption caused by service outages.

it is not possible for us to customize the maintenance window, as our users
are on a shared infrastructure. however, we've used this maintenance window
extremely rarely—about once a year, for under 15 minutes each time.

## users who access trello through an atlassian account

as part of trello's continued integration into atlassian, trello users will
have to create atlassian accounts in order to access the trello service. for
trello users accessing trello through an atlassian account, including accounts
managed by organizations subscribing to atlassian access, the following
policies and procedures, which may differ the policies and procedures above,
shall apply.

##### data centers and location

as mentioned above, trello production services and associated user content
(i.e., data stored to trello boards) are stored in aws’s and gcs’s united
states regions. however, a limited amount of user information used for account
authentication purposes may be stored in aws and gcs regions outside of the
united states. for more information on how we secure and store data at
atlassian, see our [trust page](https://www.atlassian.com/trust).

##### login security

if you login to trello using your atlassian account or if your account is
managed by an organization that subscribes to atlassian access, login security
(including single sign-on and two-step verification) and password features and
policies for atlassian accounts differ from those of legacy trello accounts.
more information about these features and policies is available at [your
atlassian account](https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/your-atlassian-
account-976161169.html) and [atlassian access policies and
features](https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/apply-atlassian-access-
policies-and-features-938859736.html).

##### data deletion

if a user accesses trello through an atlassian account, the processes and
policies for deleting the user’s trello account and personal data, including
deletion request cancellation grace periods and backup data retention periods
may differ from the trello processes and policies outlined above. for more
information, see [delete your atlassian
account.](https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/delete-your-
account-976161188.html)

##### support and incident response

the support policies and incident response procedures for atlassian access
differ from those applicable to trello. more information regarding support for
atlassian access is available at [atlassian access policies and
features.](https://confluence.atlassian.com/cloud/apply-atlassian-access-
policies-and-features-938859736.html)

**footnotes:**

1[http://aws.amazon.com/security/](http://aws.amazon.com/security)

2<https://trello.com/your/account>

3<http://aws.amazon.com/security/>

4<http://developers.trello.com/>

5<https://trello.status.atlassian.com/>

6<https://twitter.com/trellostatus>

## changelog

  * **october 2020** – new section added to reflect current practices: gdpr and data transfers from europe to the us
  * **january 2020** – updates to the following sections to reflect current practices: data centers and locations, atlassian access, atlassian accounts, network security, login security, event logging, asset management
  * **january 2019** – updates to the following sections to reflect current practices: penetration testing and bug bounty program, production environment, network security, access control, third-party access, physical security, corporate environment and removable media, encryption on mobile devices, removing/deleting data from trello, event logging, data within trello, user team management and access and employee policies
  * **february 2018** \- updates to links or cross-references in the following sections: data center, access control, physical security, encryption in-transit, development, patch and configuration management, backup policy, disaster recovery policy and planned maintenance.
  * **september 2017** \- first version of page goes live. replaces previous operations & security guide pdf.

select your language… čeština deutsch english english (au) english (uk)
english (us) español français italiano magyar nederlands norsk (bokmål) polski
português (brasil) suomi svenska tiếng việt türkçe русский українська ภาษาไทย
中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) 日本語

  * [templates](/templates)
  * [pricing](/pricing)
  * [apps](/platforms)
  * [jobs](https://www.atlassian.com/company/careers/trello)
  * [blog](https://blog.trello.com/)
  * [developers](http://developers.trello.com)
  * [about](/about)
  * [help](http://help.trello.com/)
  * [legal](/legal)
  * cookie settings
  * [privacy](/privacy)

![](https://d2k1ftgv7pobq7.cloudfront.net/meta/c/u/res/images/e4e8fa01ba058bce8e9f2bb7459516f9/atlassian-
logo-white-small.svg)
![](https://d2k1ftgv7pobq7.cloudfront.net/meta/c/u/res/images/6cdbcb3dcf82bba860f1768d184161ee/atlassian-
logo-gray-small.svg)  © copyright 2021. all rights reserved.

