![](https://a1.api.bbc.co.uk/hit.xiti?&col=1&from=p&ptag=js&s=598253&p=unknown&x2=\[responsive\]&x3=\[bbc_website\]&x4=\[en\]&x8=\[reverb-2.0.3-nojs\]&x11=\[\]&x12=\[\])

[homepage](https://www.bbc.co.uk)

## accessibility links

  * skip to content
  * [accessibility help](https://www.bbc.co.uk/accessibility/)

[bbc account](https://account.bbc.com/account)

notifications

  * [home](https://www.bbc.co.uk)
  * [news](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news)
  * [sport](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport)
  * [weather](https://www.bbc.co.uk/weather)
  * [iplayer](https://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer)
  * [sounds](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds)
  * [cbbc](https://www.bbc.co.uk/cbbc)
  * [cbeebies](https://www.bbc.co.uk/cbeebies)
  * [food](https://www.bbc.co.uk/food)
  * [bitesize](https://www.bbc.co.uk/bitesize)
  * [arts](https://www.bbc.co.uk/arts)
  * [taster](https://www.bbc.co.uk/taster)
  * [local](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/localnews)
  * [three](https://www.bbc.co.uk/bbcthree)
  * menu

[search](https://search.bbc.co.uk/search "search the bbc")

search the bbcsearch the bbc

[using the bbc](/usingthebbc/ "using the bbc") menu

  * your information & privacy 
    * [your information & privacy home](/usingthebbc/privacy/ "your information & privacy home")
    * [personal information](/usingthebbc/privacy/what-are-you-doing-with-my-data/ "personal information")
    * [privacy and your activity](/usingthebbc/privacy/privacy-promise/ "privacy and your activity")
    * [children and safety](/usingthebbc/privacy/keeping-my-children-safe-online/ "children and safety")
    * [beeb beta](/usingthebbc/privacy/about-beeb-privacy/ "beeb beta")
  * cookie & browser settings 
    * [cookie & browser settings home](/usingthebbc/cookies/ "cookie & browser settings home")
    * [about cookies](/usingthebbc/cookies/what-do-i-need-to-know-about-cookies/ "about cookies")
    * [cookie settings](/usingthebbc/cookies/how-can-i-change-my-bbc-cookie-settings/ "cookie settings")
  * creating & using your account 
    * [creating & using your account home](/usingthebbc/account/ "creating & using your account home")
    * [help registering & signing in](/usingthebbc/account/what-is-a-bbc-account/ "help registering & signing in")
    * [account features](/usingthebbc/account/adding-things-on-the-bbc/ "account features")
    * [personalisation & recommendations](/usingthebbc/account/how-is-the-bbc-personalised-to-me/ "personalisation & recommendations")
  * terms of use 
    * [terms of use home](/usingthebbc/terms/ "terms of use home")
    * [accessing the bbc](/usingthebbc/terms/do-i-need-a-tv-licence/ "accessing the bbc")
    * [joining in](/usingthebbc/terms/what-are-the-rules-for-commenting/ "joining in")
    * [using bbc content](/usingthebbc/terms/can-i-use-bbc-content/ "using bbc content")

  * [your information & privacy ](/usingthebbc/privacy/ "your information & privacy")
  * [cookie & browser settings ](/usingthebbc/cookies/ "cookie & browser settings")
  * [creating & using your account ](/usingthebbc/account/ "creating & using your account")
  * [terms of use ](/usingthebbc/terms/ "terms of use")

privacy and cookies policy

# the bbc privacy and cookies policy

page updated: august 2019  version 3.1

  * [download privacy and cookies policy as pdf](https://downloads.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/privacycookiespolicy3-1.pdf "download privacy and cookies policy as pdf")

sections

  * 1\. what's in this policy?
  * 2\. what does this policy cover?
  * 3\. how do you protect my personal information?
  * 4\. what types of personal information does the bbc collect about me?
  * 5\. how long will the bbc keep my personal information?
  * 6\. how can the bbc use my personal information?
  * 7\. when will the bbc use my information to contact me?
  * 8\. will i be contacted for marketing purposes?
  * 9\. when does the bbc share my personal information with others?
  * 10\. what's different for kids and teens?
  * 11\. can i delete my information?
  * 12\. what are my rights?
  * 13\. how does the bbc use cookies and similar tracking?
  * 14\. how will i find out about changes to this policy?
  * 15\. how can i contact the bbc?

## 1\. what's in this policy?

this policy tells you:

  * what information we might collect about you
  * how we might use that information
  * when we might use your details to contact you
  * what information of yours we might share with others
  * your choices about the personal information you give us

back to top

## 2\. what does this policy cover?

this policy covers [the services](/usingthebbc/terms/terms-of-
use#8d3b08a2eb8e55faf084a6d803c43b3d) that are offered by the british
broadcasting corporation.

and sometimes it covers services offered by parts of our organisation that
operate as separate companies. such as:

[bbc world service](https://www.bbc.co.uk/worldserviceradio), [bbc
studios](https://www.bbcstudios.com/), [bbc
studioworks](https://www.bbcstudioworks.com/), bbc global news, bbc media
applications technology, bbc world service trading and tv licensing and bbc
charities.

but only when those services link to this policy or tell you it applies.

it's up to you to decide how much detail you want to know. we have just-in-
time explanations that appear when we ask you to input your personal
information. as well as what's in this policy, a service might have a short
privacy notice. in that privacy notice you can find key information on what we
do with your personal information when you use that service. [and if you're
after more detail have a look at these topics.](/usingthebbc)

**what's not covered in this policy?**

our services sometimes link to services run by other companies' services, like
opening a track from bbc sounds on another music service such as spotify.
those companies have their own privacy and cookies policies, so remember that
the information you give them will follow their rules and not ours.

sometimes you can access our services from other places, like a bbc radio 1
youtube page or the bbc iplayer app on your connected tv. make sure to check
their privacy policy so you know how they will use your information.

back to top

## 3\. how do you protect my personal information?

we're strongly committed to keeping you and your family's information safe.
and to do this we design our services with your safety in mind. we also have
dedicated teams to look after your information security and privacy.

at the same time, no service can be completely secure - if you have any
concerns that your [bbc account](/usingthebbc/account/what-is-a-bbc-account/)
or personal information has been put at risk, for example if someone could
have found out your password, please [get in touch](/usingthebbc/account/im-
having-problems-with-my-password/) straight away.

**where we store your information**

some companies that provide services to us run their services from outside the
uk and the european economic area. we only let that happen if we are satisfied
with their levels of security. keep in mind that when you give us personal
information it could be being transferred, stored or processed in a location
outside the uk and the eea.

back to top

## 4\. what types of personal information does the bbc collect about me?

we'll give you details about why we need your personal information and how
we'll use it before you begin, unless it's obvious.

**a. information that you give us**

we might ask for your name and contact details, your date of birth or
financial details, depending on what you're doing. if you apply to take part
in a programme on politics, for example, we might ask you about your political
opinions. information you give us might include information in a
[creation](/usingthebbc/terms-of-use/#349d7bccaa27c197ed02856d14c6b7b9) you
share with us, such as people's names that appear in the creation.

when you [register for a bbc
account](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/account/help-registering/), or
update your details or settings we ask for some personal information, like
your email address and age.

**b. device information**

devices are lots of things like:

  * your computer
  * your mobile
  * your tv
  * your tablet
  * your voice-enabled device

[we automatically collect some technical information from these devices and
web browsers](/usingthebbc/privacy/how-does-the-bbc-collect-data-about-me/)
even when you're not signed into to a [bbc
account](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/account/what-is-a-bbc-account/ "bbc
account"). this might include:

  * ip (internet protocol) address
  * device id
  * app id
  * vendor id
  * advertising id

**c. information on your activities outside the bbc when you talk about us**

like if you've mentioned us in a twitter post, we'll collect your twitter
handle.

**d. information on how you use our services**

like [the articles you read and the programmes you
watch](/usingthebbc/privacy/how-does-the-bbc-collect-data-about-me/).

back to top

## 5\. how long will the bbc keep my personal information?

when you give us any personal information [we'll let you know how long we'll
hold it for](/usingthebbc/privacy/how-long-will-the-bbc-keep-my-information/).
and always stick to these principles:

  * we only hold your information for as long as we do the activities we told you about or have a [valid reason](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#392685c07752f9b2f99eb10cf4f3032c) to keep it
  * we think about what type of information it is, the amount collected, how sensitive it might be and any legal requirements
  * we design [our services](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/terms-of-use/#8d3b08a2eb8e55faf084a6d803c43b3d) so that we don't hold your information any longer than we have to
  * we may close your bbc account if you haven't used it in the last year. we'll send you an email to tell you that we plan to do this before we delete anything, so please check to see if we've sent you any emails about this

back to top

## 6\. how can the bbc use my personal information?

we have to have a valid reason to use your personal information. it's called
the "lawful basis for processing". sometimes we might ask your permission to
do things, like [when you subscribe to an
email](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/account/what-emails-and-newsletters-
will-the-bbc-send-me/). other times, when you'd reasonably expect us to use
your personal information, we don't ask your permission, but only when:

  * the law says it's fine to use it, and
  * it fits with the [rights you have](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/privacy/what-are-my-rights/)

we use your information for these types of things:

**a. to deliver our services and to provide you with information about them**

**b. to deal with your requests, complaints and enquiries**

**c. to check if you're using bbc iplayer and to keep the licensing database
accurate and up to date**

**d. to personalise services and give you things more tailored to your
tastes**

your bbc account lets you personalise your bbc online experience. to do that,
"allow personalisation" is set to on when you create an account. if you're
under 13 and create an account your personalisation is set to off. information
about [how you use our online services](/usingthebbc/privacy-
policy/#4aa3d429a0c00603d75b0a4cffd9e7d1) is then connected with other
i[nformation you give us](/usingthebbc/privacy-
policy/#4aa3d429a0c00603d75b0a4cffd9e7d1) to personalise your experience.

if you don't want us to do this, you can always [turn personalisation
off](/usingthebbc/account/about-your-personalisation-settings/) in your
account settings. if you're under 13 you don't need to do anything.

**e. to show you[relevant advertising](/usingthebbc/privacy-
policy/#26543a5fc6e4d2c820b768833fcc9509) on another company's site**

**f. to help us understand what kind of services you might use**

and sometimes how you might share things with other people

**g. to[recommend things](/usingthebbc/account/what-does-recommended-for-you-
mean/) we think might interest you**

**h. to show you advertising when you access a bbc service from outside the
uk**

some of this advertising might be [tailored to you](/usingthebbc/cookies/how-
does-the-bbc-use-cookies-for-advertising/).

**i. to research and innovate**

you're not a guinea-pig here, but [knowing how you use our
services](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#b3eab403dbc1bb3f87aa55cc70b93bd9) could
lead to the next big technology breakthrough.

**j. to[contact you](/usingthebbc/privacy-
policy/#833f5613d0ead3584c83cba814a958a5) about various things**

back to top

## 7\. when will the bbc use my information to contact me?

we might use your information to contact you about different things, like:

  * to update you on any changes to the bbc's policies, practices and [terms of use](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/terms/)
  * to check with you about any service or activity you've signed up for. for example, we might tell you if your [bbc account hasn't been used in a long time](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#e7c570eb00a8c5019159cb3012bf9481). or it might be about [creating a child account](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/account/how-to-register-a-child-account/)
  * to contact you about a [creation](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/terms-of-use/#349d7bccaa27c197ed02856d14c6b7b9) you sent us, like things you've sent in to school report news day
  * to answer you when you've contacted us, or to respond to a comment or complaint
  * to invite you to take part in surveys about bbc services, which are always voluntary
  * for [marketing purposes](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#26543a5fc6e4d2c820b768833fcc9509)
  * to send you notifications on your device depending on [your settings](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/account/how-can-i-use-notifications/)

we'll only contact you when we need to or when you've given us permission.

we'll never contact you to ask for your [bbc account
password](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/account/help-updating-your-
account-details-after-registering/).

back to top

## 8\. will i be contacted for marketing purposes?

we'll only send you [marketing emails](/usingthebbc/account/what-emails-and-
newsletters-will-the-bbc-send-me/) or contact you about bbc programmes,
services and your views on issues about the bbc if you've agreed to this.

keep in mind, even if you unsubscribe, [we may still contact
you.](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#833f5613d0ead3584c83cba814a958a5)

**will my personal information be used when the bbc advertises with other
companies?**

if you have a[ bbc account](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/account/what-is-
a-bbc-account/) we might use information that we hold about you to show you
relevant and [targeted
advertising](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/privacy/do-you-share-my-data/)
for bbc services through other companies' sites, like facebook, google,
snapchat or twitter for example. this could be showing you a [bbc sponsored
message](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/privacy/sharing-information-with-
social-media-sites/) where we know you have a bbc account and have used bbc
services.

where we do this, we will share your data in a hashed format with these
providers so that, where you have an account on the same platform, you will
see adverts from the bbc. in these scenarios, we are joint controllers with
these companies because we jointly determine the purposes and means of
processing your personal data.

we also assess certain characteristics of our audience members in order to
find others who are similar to them to provide advertising to those
individuals.

if you don't want to see our targeted advertising, you can set ad preferences
in your social media companies' settings. also, you can visit your bbc account
and [turn this off](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/privacy/sharing-
information-with-social-media-sites/).

back to top

## 9\. when does the bbc share my personal information with others?

we'll never sell your personal information. we do share it with others in
these ways:

**a. when you make something public**

like [post a comment](/usingthebbc/account/what-happens-to-the-comments-i-
post-on-the-bbc/) which the public can see.

**b. when we use other companies to power our services**

in order for us to give you quality experiences and to understand how you're
using our services we often use other companies to process [your personal
information](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#4aa3d429a0c00603d75b0a4cffd9e7d1) on
our behalf. for example, sending you emails about things we think might
interest you, to ask you what you think about our services, or to analyse data
on how people use our digital services so we can improve them.

we make sure that your personal information is looked after as if we were
handling it directly. we carefully select these companies, only share with
them what they need to do the work and we make sure they [keep your
information secure](/usingthebbc/privacy-
policy/#a4754401b9338c76c84e37bb0250bc8e).

**c. when we share personal information with[companies in the bbc
family](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#71b04243c6c2cb8b0d183ac1b4f92b1f)**

**d. when you[use another company's service ](/usingthebbc/privacy-
policy/#71b04243c6c2cb8b0d183ac1b4f92b1f)that connects to us, like voice-
enabled devices and connected tv**

you can access our services through a voice-enabled device, like amazon alexa,
or a connected tv. you'll need to sign in to your bbc account to use bbc
services on your connected tv. when you do this we'll share an identifier for
your [bbc account](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/account/what-is-a-bbc-
account/) with the company who runs the service you are using. make sure to
check that company's privacy policy so you know how it will use your
information. the bbc isn't responsible when you access a bbc service through
another company's services. it's up to you if you want to access the bbc in
this way.

**e. when we do collaborative research**

we do research activities and sometimes collaborate with research partners.
every now and then we share our
[content](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/terms/terms-of-
use#8d3b08a2eb8e55faf084a6d803c43b3d) and data with them. this might include
information we've collected about you. but we're careful about what we share
and what our research partners can do with it.

**f. tv licensing**

we share some personal information with [tv
licensing](http://www.tvlicensing.co.uk/privacy-security-policies), to check
if you're using bbc iplayer and to keep the licensing database accurate and up
to date.

**g. sometimes by law we have to pass on your information to other
organisations**

we might also share your information if we have to by law, or when we need to
protect you or other people from harm.

back to top

## 10\. what's different for kids and teens?

the bbc has services that are kid-friendly and for teens.

here's what happens when you use them.

**a. why do we collect information about you in the first place?**

we keep information about you so that we can

  * [get the right services for you](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#392685c07752f9b2f99eb10cf4f3032c)
  * [plan and improve our services](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#392685c07752f9b2f99eb10cf4f3032c)
  * [keep in touch with you](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#833f5613d0ead3584c83cba814a958a5)

**b. we'll always tell you why we're collecting your personal information**

we'll explain why and how we use it and for how long. it's called a "privacy
notice". and if we need your parent or guardian's permission we'll give you
clear details about what's needed at the time.

**c. we can only use your personal information[if we have a valid
reason](/usingthebbc/privacy/privacy-
policy/#392685c07752f9b2f99eb10cf4f3032c)**

**d. we share personal information about you to others but we follow[some
rules](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#b3eab403dbc1bb3f87aa55cc70b93bd9)**

the main rule is we will never sell your personal information to anyone.

**e. we might ask you to tell us your age**

to make sure you use the parts of the bbc that are suitable for you. for
example:

  * so that adults don't [post comments](/usingthebbc/account/what-happens-to-the-comments-i-post-on-the-bbc/) on kid's message boards
  * when you want to [get a bbc account](/usingthebbc/account/help-with-child-accounts/)
  * when you're watching a programme, like on bbc iplayer, and it's a bit edgy

**f. sometimes we'll ask to get your parent or guardian's consent**

you'll see a notification. we might also ask for some details from them, so
that we can contact them. other times we may contact your parent or guardian:

  * so you can [get notifications](/usingthebbc/account/what-are-notifications/) from us
  * so we can s[how you more things we think you'll like](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#392685c07752f9b2f99eb10cf4f3032c), based on what you do
  * so you can post comments
  * so you can upload your contribution to us

**g. sometimes we'll tell your parents about your activities**

for example, if you enter one of our competitions, we might contact your
parent.

**h. when we can contact you**

sometimes we need to get in touch with you but we'll always follow [these
rules](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#833f5613d0ead3584c83cba814a958a5).

**i. it's safe to use us**

it's our job to [keep your personal information safe and
secure](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#a4754401b9338c76c84e37bb0250bc8e). that's
why we design our services with your safety in mind. and we're always looking
for the best ways to improve this.

there are also [things that you can do to keep
safe](https://www.bbc.co.uk/cbbc/watch/p01g2pt6), like [thinking about what
information you
share](https://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/articles/442gw0f6qrhcjn3rkjcxmgh/safer-
internet-
day?intc_type=mixedcards&intc_location=schoolreport&intc_campaign=schoolreport&intc_linkname=vidclip_onlinesafety_contentcard4)
and how to keep your devices secure.

**j. human beings and[not robots](/usingthebbc/privacy/how-is-my-info-being-
used-to-make-decisions/) will make the big decisions that affect you**

**k. you might not be able to use our services if you're outside the uk**

if you're outside the uk you might not be able to access some services. like
cbbc and cbeebies.

and you may not be able to get a bbc account. sorry about that.

**l. you're in control of how we use cookies and tracking**

cookies are small text files that transfer onto your device when you use a
service.

we use cookies and tracking to get information about what type of device
you're using to access our services and we record things like what sites you
visit, your ip address (a unique number your device creates every time you
connect to the internet) and [to make things easier for
you](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/privacy-
policy/#76c2dd3c9edcdd72d45e474bb33c0eed), like remembering where you got to
in a game or what emoji you selected.

you [can switch off some cookies](/usingthebbc/cookies/how-can-i-change-my-
bbc-cookie-settings/) and similar tracking technologies. or your parent or
guardian can do this if you're under 13.

[but other cookies can't be turned off](/usingthebbc/privacy-
policy/#76c2dd3c9edcdd72d45e474bb33c0eed).

**m. what we do when you post, upload or share a creation**

when you share your [creation](/usingthebbc/terms-of-
use/#349d7bccaa27c197ed02856d14c6b7b9) with us we'll [try to tell you exactly
what we're going to do with it](/usingthebbc/terms/what-can-the-bbc-do-with-
the-content-that-i-post/).

**n. you've got[privacy rights](/usingthebbc/privacy/what-are-my-rights/), the
same as adults, so get to know what they are**

you can:

  * ask us [what personal information we hold](/usingthebbc/privacy/what-info-do-you-have-about-me/) about you
  * ask us [to correct](/usingthebbc/privacy/how-do-i-change-my-info/) or [delete your personal information](/usingthebbc/privacy/can-i-delete-my-data/)
  * tell us [to stop using your personal information](/usingthebbc/privacy/how-can-i-stop-you-using-my-personal-info/)

if you're 13 or older, you can do this yourself, but not always. sometimes
we'll be asking for your parent or guardian to do that.

if you're under 13 your parent or guardian probably has to do it for you.

back to top

## 11\. can i delete my information?

this depends on what information you're talking about.

**a. if you're talking about bbc account**

you can [delete your account](/usingthebbc/account/how-to-delete-your-
account/). your account information is immediately deleted. keep in mind:

  * we keep a record of how you've used our services, but this information can't be linked back to you
  * we also keep anything you've uploaded or commented on

**b. what about other information i've shared with you?**

we might have collected other personal information that you might [ask to be
deleted](/usingthebbc/privacy/can-i-delete-my-data/) that has nothing to do
with bbc account.

back to top

## 12\. what are my rights?

remember, you're in control of your personal information.

[you have the right to](/usingthebbc/privacy/what-are-my-rights/):

  * [request a copy of your information](/usingthebbc/privacy/what-info-do-you-have-about-me/)
  * [not let robots make big decisions about you](/usingthebbc/privacy/how-is-my-info-being-used-to-make-decisions/)
  * to ask us to correct information that's wrong, to delete it or to request that we only use it for certain purposes
  * to change your mind, and ask us to stop using your information. for example, [unsubscribing from any marketing emails](/usingthebbc/account/what-emails-and-newsletters-will-the-bbc-send-me/) or [turning off personalisation](/usingthebbc/account/what-emails-and-newsletters-will-the-bbc-send-me/)

bear in mind, sometimes we might not be able to help. like if the law tells us
we can't or it forms part of our journalistic output.

back to top

## 13\. how does the bbc use cookies and similar tracking?

**a. what are cookies and tracking technologies?**

cookies are small text files which are transferred to your computer or mobile
when you visit a website or app.

there are also similar [pieces of tracking information we
collect](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/#4aa3d429a0c00603d75b0a4cffd9e7d1).

**b. why do we use[cookies and other tracking](/usingthebbc/cookies/what-do-i-
need-to-know-about-cookies/)?**

to do a few different things:

  * to remember information about you, so you don't have to give it to us again. and again. and again
  * to keep you signed in, even on different devices
  * to help us understand how people are using our services, so we can make them better
  * to deliver advertising to websites outside of the uk
  * to help us personalise the bbc to you by remembering your preferences and settings. and your progress, so you can pause and pick up where you left off watching a programme even on a different device
  * to find out if our emails have been read and if you find them useful

**c. what are the types of cookies?**

some cookies are always on when you visit us, and you can't turn them off
unless you change your browser settings. we call these ["strictly necessary
cookies"](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/what-do-i-need-to-know-
about-cookies/). we use them to make sure our digital services work correctly
and are meeting audience needs and interests.

we also use [functional, performance and advertising
cookies](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/what-do-i-need-to-know-
about-cookies/) to make your experience more enjoyable. you can switch these
on or off at any time and you can always change your mind. we'll only use them
if you've agreed.

bear in mind there are some other cookies out there from other companies.
these ["third-party cookies"](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/what-
do-i-need-to-know-about-cookies/) might track how you use different websites,
including ours. for example, you might get a social media company's cookie
when you see the option to share something. [you can turn them
off](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/what-happens-if-third-party-
cookies-are-disabled-on-my-browser/), but not through us.

**d. how do cookies last?**

some are erased when you close the browser on your website or app. [others
stay longer](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/what-do-i-need-to-know-
about-cookies/), sometimes forever, and are saved onto your device so that
they're there when you come back.

**e. how do i control my cookies and tracking?**

strictly necessary cookies are always on when you visit us. on your first
visit to us, we'll tell you about our other types of cookies and ask you to
choose which cookies we can use. you can always change your mind [by going to
your settings](http://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/how-can-i-change-my-
bbc-cookie-settings/).

stopping all cookies might mean you can't access some bbc services, or that
some of them might not work properly for you.

another way to control some tracking is in the settings on your device.

back to top

## 14\. how will i find out about changes to this policy?

we update this policy sometimes. if we make important changes, like how we use
your personal information, we'll let you know. it might be a notice, an email
or a message in your app.

if you don't agree to the changes, then you can always stop using our
services, [delete your account](/usingthebbc/account/how-to-delete-your-
account/) and stop giving us any more personal information. we'd be sorry to
see you go.

back to top

## 15\. how can i contact the bbc?

find out more and [contact us about your rights](/usingthebbc/privacy/what-
are-my-rights/).

for any other questions or comments about this policy speak to our data
protection officer.

  * [by email](mailto:dpa.officer@bbc.co.uk)
  * by post

bbc dpo, bc2 a4, 201 wood lane, london w12 7tp

we're regulated by the [information commissioner's
office](https://ico.org.uk/concerns/). you can also contact them for advice
and support.

(c) bbc 2019

back to top

choose language: [cymraeg](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/cy/
"cymraeg")[gaidhlig](/usingthebbc/privacy-policy/gd/ "gàidhlig")

  * 1\. what's in this policy?
  * 2\. what does this policy cover?
  * 3\. how do you protect my personal information?
  * 4\. what types of personal information does the bbc collect about me?
  * 5\. how long will the bbc keep my personal information?
  * 6\. how can the bbc use my personal information?
  * 7\. when will the bbc use my information to contact me?
  * 8\. will i be contacted for marketing purposes?
  * 9\. when does the bbc share my personal information with others?
  * 10\. what's different for kids and teens?
  * 11\. can i delete my information?
  * 12\. what are my rights?
  * 13\. how does the bbc use cookies and similar tracking?
  * 14\. how will i find out about changes to this policy?
  * 15\. how can i contact the bbc?

back to top

## explore the bbc

  * [home](https://www.bbc.co.uk)
  * [news](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news)
  * [sport](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport)
  * [weather](https://www.bbc.co.uk/weather)
  * [iplayer](https://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer)
  * [sounds](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sounds)
  * [cbbc](https://www.bbc.co.uk/cbbc)
  * [cbeebies](https://www.bbc.co.uk/cbeebies)
  * [food](https://www.bbc.co.uk/food)
  * [bitesize](https://www.bbc.co.uk/bitesize)
  * [arts](https://www.bbc.co.uk/arts)
  * [taster](https://www.bbc.co.uk/taster)
  * [local](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/localnews)
  * [three](https://www.bbc.co.uk/bbcthree)

  * [terms of use](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/terms/)
  * [about the bbc](https://www.bbc.co.uk/aboutthebbc)
  * [privacy policy](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/privacy/)
  * [cookies](https://www.bbc.co.uk/usingthebbc/cookies/)
  * [accessibility help](https://www.bbc.co.uk/accessibility/)
  * [parental guidance](https://www.bbc.co.uk/guidance)
  * [contact the bbc](https://www.bbc.co.uk/contact)
  * [get personalised newsletters](https://www.bbc.co.uk/bbcnewsletter)

 _copyright (c) 2021 bbc._ the bbc is not responsible for the content of
external sites. [read about our approach to external
linking.](https://www.bbc.co.uk/help/web/links/)

