[ ](/about/ "google")

[marketing platform](/about/)

  * [for small businesses](/about/small-business/)
  * [for enterprises](/about/enterprise/)
  * [resources](/about/resources/)
  * [blog](https://www.blog.google/products/marketingplatform/)

  * [ partners](/about/partners/ "partners")
  * [ support](/about/support/ "support")

for small businesses

free and easy-to-use solutions for businesses of every size.

[learn more](/about/small-business/)

for enterprises

a single platform that integrates your advertising and analytics, so you can
act on customer insights faster.

[learn more](/about/enterprise/)

  * [analytics

understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.

](/about/analytics/)

  * [data studio

bring your data to life with engaging, customizable reports.

](/about/data-studio/)

  * [optimize

test variations of your sites and apps.

](/about/optimize/)

  * [surveys

get fast, reliable opinions from real people.

](/about/surveys/)

  * [tag manager

manage all your tags without editing code.

](/about/tag-manager/)

advertising

  * [campaign manager 360

get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.

](/about/campaign-manager-360/)

  * [display & video 360

reach todayâs always-connected audiences wherever they are.

](/about/display-video-360/)

  * [search ads 360

get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.

](/about/search-ads-360/)

analytics

  * [analytics 360

use advanced tools to get a deeper understanding of your customers so you can
deliver better experiences.

](/about/analytics-360/)

  * [data studio

unlock insights from your data with engaging, customizable reports.

](/about/data-studio/)

  * [optimize 360

test variations of your sites and apps with advanced tools for enterprise
marketers.

](/about/optimize-360/)

  * [surveys 360

get fast, reliable market research from real people.

](/about/surveys-360/)

  * [tag manager 360

manage all your tags in one place for a smarter, simpler way to oversee your
marketing.

](/about/tag-manager-360/)

[marketing platform](/about/)

  * [for small businesses](/about/small-business/ "for small businesses")
    * [analytics](/about/analytics/ "analytics")
    * [data studio](/about/data-studio/ "data studio")
    * [optimize](/about/optimize/ "optimize")
    * [surveys](/about/surveys/ "surveys")
    * [tag manager](/about/tag-manager/ "tag manager")
  * [for enterprises](/about/enterprise/ "for enterprises")
    * [campaign manager 360](/about/campaign-manager-360/ "campaign manager 360")
    * [display & video 360](/about/display-video-360/ "display & video 360")
    * [search ads 360](/about/search-ads-360/ "search ads 360")
    * [analytics 360](/about/analytics-360/ "analytics 360")
    * [data studio](/about/data-studio/ "data studio")
    * [optimize 360](/about/optimize-360/ "optimize 360")
    * [surveys 360](/about/surveys-360/ "surveys 360")
    * [tag manager 360](/about/tag-manager-360/ "tag manager 360")
  * [resources](/about/resources/ "resources")
    * [success stories](/about/resources/success-stories/ "success stories")
    * [insights](/about/resources/insights/ "insights")
    * [community](/about/resources/community/ "community")
  * [blog](https://www.blog.google/products/marketingplatform/ "blog")

  * [ partners](/about/partners/ "partners")
  * [ support](/about/support/ "support")

##  google analytics terms of service

these google analytics terms of service (this **"agreement"** ) are entered
into by google llc ( **"google"** ) and the entity executing this agreement (
**"you"** ). this agreement governs your use of the standard google analytics
(the **"service"** ). by clicking the "i accept" button, completing the
registration process, or using the service, you acknowledge that you have
reviewed and accept this agreement and are authorized to act on behalf of, and
bind to this agreement, the owner of this account. in consideration of the
foregoing, the parties agree as follows:

##  1\. definitions.

_**"account"**_ refers to the account for the service. all profiles (as
applicable) linked to a single property will have their hits aggregated before
determining the charge for the service for that property.

_**"confidential information"**_ includes any proprietary data and any other
information disclosed by one party to the other in writing and marked
"confidential" or disclosed orally and, within five business days, reduced to
writing and marked "confidential". however, confidential information will not
include any information that is or becomes known to the general public, which
is already in the receiving party's possession prior to disclosure by a party
or which is independently developed by the receiving party without the use of
confidential information.

_**"customer data"**_ or "google analytics data" means the data you collect,
process or store using the service concerning the characteristics and
activities of users.

_**"documentation"**_ means any accompanying documentation made available to
you by google for use with the processing software, including any
documentation available online.

_**"gamc"**_ means the google analytics measurement code, which is installed
on a property for the purpose of collecting customer data, together with any
fixes, updates and upgrades provided to you.

_**"hit"**_ means a collection of interactions that results in data being sent
to the service and processed. examples of hits may include page view hits and
ecommerce hits. a hit can be a call to the service by various libraries, but
does not have to be so (e.g., a hit can be delivered to the service by other
google analytics-supported protocols and mechanisms made available by the
service to you).

_**"platform home"**_ means the user interface through which you can access
certain google marketing platform-level functionality.

_**"processing software"**_ means the google analytics server-side software
and any upgrades, which analyzes the customer data and generates the reports.

_**"profile"**_ means the collection of settings that together determine the
information to be included in, or excluded from, a particular report. for
example, a profile could be established to view a small portion of a web site
as a unique report.

_**"property"**_ means any web page, application, other property or resource
under your control that sends data to google analytics.

_**"privacy policy"**_ means the privacy policy on a property.

_**"report"**_ means the resulting analysis shown at
[www.google.com/analytics/](https://www.google.com/analytics/), some of which
may include analysis for a profile.

_**"servers"**_ means the servers controlled by google (or its wholly-owned
subsidiaries) on which the processing software and customer data are stored.

_**âsdksâ**_ mean certain software development kits, which may be used or
incorporated into a property app for the purpose of collecting customer data,
together with any fixes, updates, and upgrades provided to you.

_**"software"**_ means the processing software, gamc and/or sdks.

_**"third party"**_ means any third party (i) to which you provide access to
your account or (ii) for which you use the service to collect information on
the third party's behalf.

_**"users"**_ means users and/or visitors to your properties.

the words _**"include"**_ and _**"including"**_ mean "including but not
limited to."

##  2\. fees and service.

subject to section 15, the service is provided without charge to you for up to
10 million hits per month per account. google may change its fees and payment
policies for the service from time to time including the addition of costs for
geographic data, the importing of cost data from search engines, or other fees
charged to google or its wholly-owned subsidiaries by third party vendors for
the inclusion of data in the service reports. the changes to the fees or
payment policies are effective upon your acceptance of those changes which
will be posted at
[www.google.com/analytics/](https://www.google.com/analytics/). unless
otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in u.s. dollars. any outstanding balance
becomes immediately due and payable upon termination of this agreement and any
collection expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by google will be
included in the amount owed, and may be charged to the credit card or other
billing mechanism associated with your adwords account.

##  3\. member account, password, and security.

to register for the service, you must complete the registration process by
providing google with current, complete and accurate information as prompted
by the registration form, including your e-mail address (username) and
password. you will protect your passwords and take full responsibility for
your own, and third party, use of your accounts. you are solely responsible
for any and all activities that occur under your account. you will notify
google immediately upon learning of any unauthorized use of your account or
any other breach of security. google's (or its wholly-owned subsidiaries)
support staff may, from time to time, log in to the service under your
customer password in order to maintain or improve service, including to
provide you assistance with technical or billing issues.

##  4\. nonexclusive license.

subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, (a) google grants you a
limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license to install, copy
and use the gamc and/or sdks solely as necessary for you to use the service on
your properties or third party's properties; and (b) you may remotely access,
view and download your reports stored at
[www.google.com/analytics/](https://www.google.com/analytics/). you will not
(and you will not allow any third party to) (i) copy, modify, adapt, translate
or otherwise create derivative works of the software or the documentation;
(ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover
the source code of the software, except as expressly permitted by the law in
effect in the jurisdiction in which you are located; (iii) rent, lease, sell,
assign or otherwise transfer rights in or to the software, the documentation
or the service; (iv) remove any proprietary notices or labels on the software
or placed by the service; (v) use, post, transmit or introduce any device,
software or routine which interferes or attempts to interfere with the
operation of the service or the software; or (vi) use data labeled as
belonging to a third party in the service for purposes other than generating,
viewing, and downloading reports. you will comply with all applicable laws and
regulations in your use of and access to the documentation, software, service
and reports.

##  5\. confidentiality and beta features.

neither party will use or disclose the other party's confidential information
without the other's prior written consent except for the purpose of performing
its obligations under this agreement or if required by law, regulation or
court order; in which case, the party being compelled to disclose confidential
information will give the other party as much notice as is reasonably
practicable prior to disclosing the confidential information. certain service
features are identified as "alpha," "beta," "experiment," (either within the
service or elsewhere by google) or as otherwise unsupported or confidential
(collectively, **"beta features"** ). you may not disclose any information
from beta features or the terms or existence of any non-public beta features.
google will have no liability arising out of or related to any beta features.

##  6\. information rights and publicity.

google and its wholly owned subsidiaries may retain and use, subject to the
terms of its privacy policy (located at
<https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>), information collected in your use
of the service. google will not share your customer data or any third party's
customer data with any third parties unless google (i) has your consent for
any customer data or any third party's consent for the third party's customer
data; (ii) concludes that it is required by law or has a good faith belief
that access, preservation or disclosure of customer data is reasonably
necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of google, its users or
the public; or (iii) provides customer data in certain limited circumstances
to third parties to carry out tasks on google's behalf (e.g., billing or data
storage) with strict restrictions that prevent the data from being used or
shared except as directed by google. when this is done, it is subject to
agreements that oblige those parties to process customer data only on google's
instructions and in compliance with this agreement and appropriate
confidentiality and security measures.

##  7\. privacy.

you will not and will not assist or permit any third party to, pass
information to google that google could use or recognize as personally
identifiable information. you will have and abide by an appropriate privacy
policy and will comply with all applicable laws, policies, and regulations
relating to the collection of information from users. you must post a privacy
policy and that privacy policy must provide notice of your use of cookies,
identifiers for mobile devices (e.g., android advertising identifier or
advertising identifier for ios) or similar technology used to collect data.
you must disclose the use of google analytics, and how it collects and
processes data. this can be done by displaying a prominent link to the site
"how google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps", (located at
[www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/),
or any other url google may provide from time to time). you will use
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that a user is provided with clear
and comprehensive information about, and consents to, the storing and
accessing of cookies or other information on the userâs device where such
activity occurs in connection with the service and where providing such
information and obtaining such consent is required by law.

you must not circumvent any privacy features (e.g., an opt-out) that are part
of the service. you will comply with all applicable google analytics policies
located at
[www.google.com/analytics/policies/](https://www.google.com/analytics/policies/)
(or such other url as google may provide) as modified from time to time (the
**"google analytics policies"** ).

you may participate in an integrated version of google analytics and certain
google advertising services ("google analytics advertising features"). if you
use google analytics advertising features, you will adhere to the google
analytics advertising features policy (available at
[support.google.com/analytics/bin/answer.py?hl=en&topic=2611283&answer=2700409](https://support.google.com/analytics/bin/answer.py?hl=en&topic=2611283&answer=2700409)).
your access to and use of any google advertising service is subject to the
applicable terms between you and google regarding that service.

if you use the platform home, your use of the platform home is subject to the
platform home additional terms (or as subsequently re-named) available at
<https://support.google.com/marketingplatform/answer/9047313> (or such other
url as google may provide) as modified from time to time (the "platform home
terms").

##  8\. indemnification.

to the extent permitted by applicable law, you will indemnify, hold harmless
and defend google and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, at your expense, from any
and all third-party claims, actions, proceedings, and suits brought against
google or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or affiliates, and
all related liabilities, damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs or
expenses (including, reasonable attorneys' fees and other litigation expenses)
incurred by google or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents or
affiliates, arising out of or relating to (i) your breach of any term or
condition of this agreement, (ii) your use of the service, (iii) your
violations of applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with the
service, (iv) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any
aspect of the service, the software or reports to any third party; (v) any
claims made by or on behalf of any third party pertaining directly or
indirectly to your use of the service, the software or reports; (vi)
violations of your obligations of privacy to any third party; and (vii) any
claims with respect to acts or omissions of any third party in connection with
the service, the software or reports. google will provide you with written
notice of any claim, suit or action from which you must indemnify google. you
will cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
google reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense
and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.

##  9\. third parties.

if you use the service on behalf of the third party or a third party otherwise
uses the service through your account, whether or not you are authorized by
google to do so, then you represent and warrant that (a) you are authorized to
act on behalf of, and bind to this agreement, the third party to all
obligations that you have under this agreement, (b) google may share with the
third party any customer data that is specific to the third party's
properties, and (c) you will not disclose third party's customer data to any
other party without the third party's consent.

##  10\. disclaimer of warranties.

to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, except as expressly
provided for in this agreement, google makes no other warranty of any kind,
whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including without limitation
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular use and
noninfringement.

##  11\. limitation of liability.

to the extent permitted by applicable law, google will not be liable for your
lost revenues or indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, or
punitive damages, even if google or its subsidiaries and affiliates have been
advised of, knew or should have known that such damages were possible and even
if direct damages do not satisfy a remedy. google's (and its wholly owned
subsidiariesâ) total cumulative liability to you or any other party for any
loss or damages resulting from claims, demands, or actions arising out of or
relating to this agreement will not exceed $500 (usd).

##  12\. proprietary rights notice.

the service, which includes the software and all intellectual property rights
therein are, and will remain, the property of google (and its wholly owned
subsidiaries). all rights in and to the software not expressly granted to you
in this agreement are reserved and retained by google and its licensors
without restriction, including, google's (and its wholly owned
subsidiariesâ) right to sole ownership of the software and documentation.
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree not to (and not to
allow any third party to): (a) sublicense, distribute, or use the service or
software outside of the scope of the license granted in this agreement; (b)
copy, modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, reverse
engineer, disassemble, or decompile the software or otherwise attempt to
discover any source code or trade secrets related to the service; (c) rent,
lease, sell, assign or otherwise transfer rights in or to the software,
documentation or the service; (d) use, post, transmit or introduce any device,
software or routine which interferes or attempts to interfere with the
operation of the service or the software; (e) use the trademarks, trade names,
service marks, logos, domain names and other distinctive brand features or any
copyright or other proprietary rights associated with the service for any
purpose without the express written consent of google; (f) register, attempt
to register, or assist anyone else to register any trademark, trade name,
serve marks, logos, domain names and other distinctive brand features,
copyright or other proprietary rights associated with google (or its wholly
owned subsidiaries) other than in the name of google (or its wholly owned
subsidiaries, as the case may be); (g) remove, obscure, or alter any notice of
copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right appearing in or on any item
included with the service or software; or (h) seek, in a proceeding filed
during the term of this agreement or for one year after such term, an
injunction of any portion of the service based on patent infringement.

##  13\. u.s. government rights.

if the use of the service is being acquired by or on behalf of the u.s.
government or by a u.s. government prime contractor or subcontractor (at any
tier), in accordance with 48 c.f.r. 227.7202-4 (for department of defense
(dod) acquisitions) and 48 c.f.r. 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-dod acquisitions),
the government's rights in the software, including its rights to use, modify,
reproduce, release, perform, display or disclose the software or
documentation, will be subject in all respects to the commercial license
rights and restrictions provided in this agreement.

##  14\. term and termination.

either party may terminate this agreement at any time with notice. upon any
termination of this agreement, google will stop providing, and you will stop
accessing the service. additionally, if your account and/or properties are
terminated, you will (i) delete all copies of the gamc from all properties
and/or (ii) suspend any and all use of the sdks within 3 business days of such
termination. in the event of any termination (a) you will not be entitled to
any refunds of any usage fees or any other fees, and (b) any outstanding
balance for service rendered through the date of termination will be
immediately due and payable in full and (c) all of your historical report data
will no longer be available to you.

##  15\. modifications to terms of service and other policies.

google may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to the
service to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to the service.
you should look at the terms regularly. google will post notice of
modifications to these terms at <https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/>, the
google analytics policies at
[www.google.com/analytics/policies/](https://www.google.com/analytics/policies/),
or other policies referenced in these terms at the applicable url for such
policies. changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no
sooner than 14 days after they are posted. if you do not agree to the modified
terms for the service, you should discontinue your use google analytics. no
amendment to or modification of this agreement will be binding unless (i) in
writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of google, (ii) you
accept updated terms online, or (iii) you continue to use the service after
google has posted updates to the agreement or to any policy governing the
service.

##  16\. miscellaneous, applicable law and venue.

google will be excused from performance in this agreement to the extent that
performance is prevented, delayed or obstructed by causes beyond its
reasonable control. this agreement (including any amendment agreed upon by the
parties in writing) represents the complete agreement between you and google
concerning its subject matter, and supersedes all prior agreements and
representations between the parties. if any provision of this agreement is
held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be reformed to
the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum extent permissible
so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this agreement
will continue in full force and effect. this agreement will be governed by and
construed under the laws of the state of california without reference to its
conflict of law principles. in the event of any conflicts between foreign law,
rules, and regulations, and california law, rules, and regulations, california
law, rules and regulations will prevail and govern. each party agrees to
submit to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction of the courts located in
santa clara county, california. the united nations convention on contracts for
the international sale of goods and the uniform computer information
transactions act do not apply to this agreement. the software is controlled by
u.s. export regulations, and it may be not be exported to or used by embargoed
countries or individuals. any notices to google must be sent to: google llc,
1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa, with a copy to legal
department, via first class or air mail or overnight courier, and are deemed
given upon receipt. a waiver of any default is not a waiver of any subsequent
default. you may not assign or otherwise transfer any of your rights in this
agreement without google's prior written consent, and any such attempt is
void. the relationship between google and you is not one of a legal
partnership relationship, but is one of independent contractors. this
agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective
successors and assigns of the parties hereto. the following sections of this
agreement will survive any termination thereof: 1, 4, 5, 6 (except the last
two sentences), 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 16, and 17.

##  17\. google analytics for firebase.

if you link a property to firebase ( **âfirebase linkageâ** ) as part of
using the service, the following terms, in addition to sections 1-16 above,
will also apply to you, and will also govern your use of the service,
including with respect to your use of firebase linkage. other than as modified
below, all other terms will stay the same and continue to apply. in the event
of a conflict between this section 17 and sections 1-16 above, the terms in
section 17 will govern and control solely with respect to your use of the
firebase linkage.

  1. the following definition in section 1 is modified as follows: 
    1. "hit" means a collection of interactions that results in data being sent to the service and processed. examples of hits may include page view hits and ecommerce hits. a hit can be a call to the service by various libraries, but does not have to be so (e.g., a hit can be delivered to the service by other google analytics-supported protocols and mechanisms made available by the service to you). for the sake of clarity, a hit does not include certain events whose collection reflects interactions with certain properties capable of supporting multiple data streams, and which may include screen views and custom events (the collection of events, an **âenhanced packetâ** ). 
  2. the following sentence is added to the end of section 7 as follows: 
    1. if you link a property to a firebase project ( **âfirebase linkageâ** ) (i) certain data from your property, including customer data, may be made accessible within or to any other entity or personnel according to permissions set in firebase and (ii) that property may have certain service settings modified by authorized personnel of firebase (notwithstanding the settings you may have designated for that property within the service). 

last updated june 17, 2019

follow us

  * [ ](https://www.blog.google/products/marketingplatform/)
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/gmktgplatform)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/c/googlemarketingplatform)
  * [ ](https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/googlemarketingplatform)

####  about google marketing platform

  * [overview](/about/ "overview")
  * [for small businesses](/about/small-business/ "for small businesses")
  * [for enterprise](/about/enterprise/ "for enterprise")

####  learning & support

  * [support](/about/support/ "support")
  * [blog](https://www.blog.google/products/marketingplatform/ "blog")
  * [analytics academy](https://analytics.google.com/analytics/academy/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "analytics academy")
  * [skillshop](https://skillshop.withgoogle.com/ "skillshop")
  * [google primer](https://www.yourprimer.com/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "google primer")

####  developers & partners

  * [google marketing platform partners](/about/partners/ "google marketing platform partners")
  * [google measurement partners](https://measurementpartners.google.com/ "google measurement partners")
  * [analytics for developers](https://developers.google.com/analytics/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "analytics for developers")
  * [tag manager for developers](https://developers.google.com/tag-manager/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "tag manager for developers")
  * [surveys for developers](https://developers.google.com/surveys/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "surveys for developers")
  * [campaign manager 360 for developers](https://developers.google.com/doubleclick-advertisers/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "campaign manager 360 for developers")

####  related products

  * [google ads](https://ads.google.com/home/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "google ads")
  * [google adsense](https://www.google.com/adsense/start/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "google adsense")
  * [google ad manager](https://admanager.google.com/home/ "google ad manager")
  * [google cloud](https://cloud.google.com/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "google cloud")
  * [firebase](https://firebase.google.com/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "firebase")

####  more from google

  * [think with google](https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "think with google")
  * [business solutions](https://www.google.com/services/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "business solutions")
  * [google workspace](https://workspace.google.com/?utm_source=marketingplatform.google.com&utm_medium=et&utm_campaign=marketingplatform.google.com%2fabout%2fanalytics%2fterms%2fus%2f "google workspace")

[ ](https://www.google.com)

  * [privacy](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ "privacy")
  * [terms](https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/ "terms")
  * [about google](https://about.google/ "about google")
  * [google products](https://about.google/products/ "google products")

  * [ help](https://support.google.com/marketingplatform)

