skip to main content

[**blackboard** help](/) [**bb** help](/)

## language

  * [english](/privacy_center)
  * [عربية](/ar-sa/privacy_center)
  * [català](/ca-es/privacy_center)
  * [cymraeg](/cy-gb/privacy_center)
  * [deutsch](/de-de/privacy_center)
  * [español](/es-es/privacy_center)
  * [suomi](/fi-fi/privacy_center)
  * [français](/fr-fr/privacy_center)
  * [hebrew](/he/privacy_center)
  * [italian](/it/privacy_center)
  * [日本語](/ja-jp/privacy_center)
  * [한국어](/ko-kr/privacy_center)
  * [nederlands](/nl-nl/privacy_center)
  * [norsk (bokmål)](/nb-no/privacy_center)
  * [português, brasil](/pt-br/privacy_center)
  * [русский](/ru-ru/privacy_center)
  * [svenska](/sv-se/privacy_center)
  * [türkçe](/tr-tr/privacy_center)
  * [ 简体中文](/zh-hans/privacy_center)

## breadcrumb

  1. [home](/)

  * [ally](/ally)
    * [ally for lms](/ally/ally_for_lms)
    * [ally for websites](/ally/ally_for_websites)
    * [ally for wcm](/ally/ally_for_wcm)

  * [blackboard app](/blackboard_app)
    * [quick start](/blackboard_app/quick_start)
    * [feature guide](/blackboard_app/feature_guide)
    * [activity stream](/blackboard_app/activity_stream)
    * [courses and organizations](/blackboard_app/course_list)
    * [course content](/blackboard_app/course_content)
    * [offline content](/blackboard_app/offline_content)
    * [announcements](/blackboard_app/announcements)
    * [collaborate](/blackboard_app/collaborate)
    * [discussions](/blackboard_app/discussions)
    * [due dates](/blackboard_app/due_dates)
    * [grades](/blackboard_app/grades)
    * [cloud storage](/blackboard_app/link_to_cloud_storage)
    * [profile](/blackboard_app/profile)
    * [push notifications](/blackboard_app/push_notifications)
    * [tests and assignments](/blackboard_app/tests_and_assignments)
    * [what's new](/blackboard_app/whats_new)
    * [common questions](/blackboard_app/faqs)
    * [accessibility](/blackboard_app/accessibility)
    * [transition to new blackboard apps](/blackboard_app/transition_to_new_apps)
    * [administrator info](/blackboard_app/administrator_info)

  * [blackboard data](/blackboard_data)
    * [administrator/developer](/blackboard_data/administrator)

  * [blackboard instructor](/blackboard_instructor)
    * [quick start](/blackboard_instructor/quick_start)
    * [feature guide](/blackboard_instructor/feature_guide)
    * [courses and organizations](/blackboard_instructor/course_list)
    * [course content](/blackboard_instructor/course_content)
    * [offline content](/blackboard_instructor/offline_content)
    * [announcements](/blackboard_instructor/announcements)
    * [collaborate](/blackboard_instructor/collaborate)
    * [discussions](/blackboard_instructor/discussions)
    * [grading](/blackboard_instructor/grading)
    * [cloud storage](/blackboard_instructor/link_to_cloud_storage)
    * [push notifications](/blackboard_instructor/push_notifications)
    * [tests and assignments](/blackboard_instructor/tests_and_assignments)
    * [what's new](/blackboard_instructor/whats_new)
    * [accessibility](/blackboard_instructor/accessibility)
    * [administrator info](/blackboard_instructor/administrator_info)

  * [collaborate](/collaborate)
    * [ultra experience](/collaborate/ultra)
    * [original experience](/collaborate/v12)

  * [community engagement](/community_engagement)
    * [parent/community member](/community_engagement/parent_community_member)
    * [student](/community_engagement/student)
    * [teacher](/community_engagement/teacher)
    * [administrator](/community_engagement/administrator)

  * [connect](/connect)
    * [connect 5](/connect/connect_5)

  * [coursesites](/coursesites)
    * [student](/coursesites/student)
    * [instructor](/coursesites/instructor)
    * [administrator](/coursesites/administrator)

  * [learn](/learn)
    * [student](/learn/student)
    * [instructor](/learn/instructor)
    * [administrator](/learn/administrator)

  * [open education](/open_education)
    * [instructor](/open_education/instructor)
    * [administrator](/open_education/administrator)

  * [predict](/predict)
    * [student](/predict/student)
    * [instructor](/predict/instructor)
    * [advisor](/predict/advisor)

  * [safeassign](/safeassign)
    * [student](/safeassign/student)
    * [instructor](/safeassign/instructor)
    * [administrator](/safeassign/administrator)

  * [smartview](/smartview)
    * [logging in](/smartview/authentication_logging_in)
    * [advisor desktop](/smartview/advisor_desktop_interface)
    * [service desk](/smartview/service_desk_interface)

  * [training & development manager](/training_and_development_manager)
    * [student](/training_and_development_manager/student)
    * [instructor](/training_and_development_manager/instructor)
    * [administrator](/training_and_development_manager/administrator)

  * [web community manager](/web_community_manager)
    * [parent/community member](/web_community_manager/parent_community_member)
    * [student](/web_community_manager/student)
    * [teacher/editor](/web_community_manager/teacher_editor)
    * [administrator](/web_community_manager/administrator)
    * [section workspace](/web_community_manager/teacher_editor/section_workspace)
    * [users & groups](/web_community_manager/administrator/users_and_groups/how_do_i)

[home](/ "home") print

# blackboard privacy center

welcome to blackboard’s privacy center

our privacy center provides an overview of our data privacy program and our
approach to data privacy. we also have additional helpful data privacy
information on the following pages:

  * the [privacy statement](/privacy_statement) details how we use personal information.
  * the [**california privacy notice**](/ca_privacy_notice) provides information for california consumers that use our products and services when we are acting as a business.
  * the [cookie statement](/cookie_statement) explains our use of cookies.
  * the [privacy shield](/privacy_shield) statement provides information on our eu‑u.s. privacy shield certification.
  * the [data privacy and security group](https://community.blackboard.com/groups/data-privacy-and-security/pages/overview) (available in english only) on blackboard community has regular contributions from us and the community.

* * *

## our data privacy program & approach

we care about privacy. we believe that privacy is a fundamental right for all
individuals. our clients entrust us with the personal information of their
employees and their users, who are often students. we take the obligations
that are attached to this information very seriously.

data privacy and security have therefore been long-standing key priorities of
blackboard. the european union general data protection regulation (gdpr) was
an opportunity to further strengthen our existing data privacy practices and
formalize them as part of a global data privacy program led by our global
privacy officer.

our approach to data privacy has always been client-focused. we understand the
challenges our clients face. our data privacy program is designed to help them
with their data privacy compliance.

we are eu-u.s. privacy shield certified, a proud signatory of the privacy
pledge, and a member of the future of privacy forum.

![future of privacy forum
logo](/sites/default/files/images/2020-04/fpf%20logo.png)

[ ![](/sites/default/files/images/2020-12/student-privacy-pledge-signatory-
logo.png) ](https://studentprivacypledge.org)

* * *

##

## privacy by design

as it becomes more and more challenging in today’s world for individuals to
maintain control over their information, privacy by design and accountability
become increasingly important to maintain the trust of individuals, clients,
and regulators and to document how an organization complies with the gdpr.
privacy by design is therefore at the heart of our data privacy program.

* * *

## data transfers

we have a multi-layered approach to data transfer compliance. this means we
address data transfer requirements via multiple avenues to ensure personal
information is adequately protected:

  * regional hosting: we have a regional hosting strategy with all key products and functionalities hosted in regions (e.g. in the eu for eu clients). access to personal information from outside the region (e.g. from outside the eea) to this regionally hosted personal information may be required to provide the products and services, e.g. for 24/7-support and product maintenance.
  * biding corporate rules (bcr): we have submitted our bcr for authorization with the dutch data protection authority and will rely on the bcr once authorized.
  * standard contractual clauses: we use the eu-approved data standard contractual clauses (sccs) to compliantly transfer personal information outside the eea within blackboard's group of companies.
  * privacy shield: whilst the eu-us privacy shield has recently been invalidated as a basis for transferring personal information under the gdpr by the european court of justice, and therefore we no longer rely on it for that purpose, blackboard remains certified in order to continue to demonstrate our commitment to protect personal information transferred form the eea or the uk.
  * supplementary measures: we use additional contractual, organizational and technical measures to protect transferred personal information.
  * onward transfers: robust contracts are in place with vendors and partners (e.g. amazon web services) to ensure that data transfer requirements (and other data privacy obligations) are passed on to our vendors and partners with access to personal information.

* * *

## our vendors

we use vendors to help us provide our products and services or to perform work
on our behalf. where this requires access to personal information, we are
responsible for the data privacy practices of the vendors. our vendors must
abide by our strict data privacy and security requirements and instructions.
they are not allowed to use personal information they access or receive from
us for any other purposes than as needed to carry out their work for us.

* * *

## security

we employ a variety of physical, administrative, and technological safeguards
designed to protect personal information against loss, misuse, and
unauthorized access or disclosure. we have dedicated information security
programs and work hard to continuously enhance our technical and operational
security measures.

our measures consider the sensitivity of the information we collect, use, and
store, and the current state of technology. our security measures include data
encryption, firewalls, data use, and access limitations for our personnel and
vendors and physical access controls to our facilities.

* * *

## contact us

any questions? please contact us at [[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#0a7a78637c6b69734a68666b696168656b786e24696567). for more contact
options, please see our [privacy statement](/privacy_statement).

_this content was last updated on december 10, 2020._

### on this page

![](/themes/blackboard/img/icon-print.svg)

![](/themes/blackboard/img/icon-help_hc_dark.svg)

![](/themes/blackboard/img/icon-notification_hc_dark.svg)

### [visit blackboard.com](http://www.blackboard.com/)

copyright©2021. blackboard inc.  
[legal disclaimers](/copyright_notice)  
[privacy statement](/1000en_us)  
[do not sell my personal information](/ca_privacy_notice#your-california-
consumer-privacy-rights_otp-4)

[about help](/about_help)

[accessibility](/accessibility)

[client resources](/client_resources)

[product security](/product_security)

## user account menu

  * [log in](/user/login)

## help for blackboard products

  * [ally](/ally)
  * [analytics](http://www.blackboard.com/education-analytics/index.aspx)
  * [blackboard app](/blackboard_app)
  * [blackboard data](https://help.blackboard.com/blackboard_data)
  * [blackboard instructor](/blackboard_instructor)
  * [collaborate](/collaborate)
  * [community engagement](/community_engagement)
  * [connect](/connect)
  * [coursesites](/learn)
  * [drive](/drive)
  * [learn](/learn)
  * [open education](/open_education)
  * [predict](/predict)
  * [safeassign](/safeassign)
  * [sis central - connect](/sis_central/connect)
  * [smartview](/smartview)
  * [web community manager](/web_community_manager)

back to top

## not sure which product?

blackboard has many products. let us help you find what you need.

[find my product](/ "find my product")

