skip to main content

please update your browser.

we don't support this browser version anymore. using an updated version will
help protect your accounts and provide a better experience.

[update your browser](/digital/resources/privacy-security/security/system-
requirements)

please update your browser.

we don't support this browser version anymore. using an updated version will
help protect your accounts and provide a better experience.

[update your browser](/digital/resources/privacy-security/security/system-
requirements)

close

we’ve signed you out of your account.

you’ve successfully signed out

we’ve enhanced our platform for chase.com. for a better experience, download
the chase app for your iphone or android. or, go to system requirements from
your laptop or desktop.

close this message

start of side menu

  * [

home

](https://www.chase.com)

  * [

sign in

](https://secure.chase.com)

  * [

free credit score

](https://www.chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chase-credit-journey)

  * [

news & stories

](https://www.chase.com/personal/chase-stories)

  * [

español

](/es/digital/resources/terms-of-use)

open an account

  * [ credit cards ](https://creditcards.chase.com/)
  * [ checking accounts ](https://personal.chase.com/personal/checking)
  * [ savings accounts ](https://personal.chase.com/personal/savings)
  * [ cds ](https://www.chase.com/personal/savings/bank-cd)
  * [ car buying & loans ](https://autofinance.chase.com/auto-finance/home)
  * [ mortgage ](https://www.chase.com/personal/mortgage)
  * [ home equity ](https://www.chase.com/personal/home-equity/)
  * [ invest with a j.p. morgan advisor ](/personal/investments/advisor)
  * [ online investing with j.p. morgan ](/personal/investments/you-invest)
  * [ chase for business ](https://www.chase.com/business)
  * [ commercial banking ](https://www.jpmorgan.com/commercial-banking)
  * [ see all ](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/sitemap)

connect with chase

  * [

customer service

](/digital/customer-service)

  * [

give feedback

]()

  * [

schedule a meeting

](https://www.chase.com/meeting-scheduler/getstarted)

  * [

find atm & branch

](https://locator.chase.com/?locale=en_us)

  * [ about chase](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/about-chase)
  * [ j.p. morgan](https://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/jpmorgan)
  * [ jpmorgan chase & co.](http://www.jpmorganchase.com)
  * [ media center](https://media.chase.com)
  * [ careers](https://www.careersatchase.com)
  * [ chase canada](https://www.chase.ca/en/card-services)
  * [ safe act: chase mortgage loan originators ](https://www.chase.com/personal/mortgage/loan-originator-search)
  * [ fair lending](https://www.chase.com/personal/mortgage/fair-lending/fair-lending-overview)

end of side menu

# terms of use

##  
  
please turn on javascript in your browser

it appears your web browser is not using javascript. without it, some pages
won't work properly. please adjust the settings in your browser to make sure
javascript is turned on.

  

  * [ about us](/digital/resources/about-chase)
  * [ privacy and security](/digital/resources/privacy-security)
  * [ terms of use](/digital/resources/terms-of-use)
  * [ social media terms](/digital/resources/social-media-terms)
  * [ accessibility](/digital/resources/accessibility)
  * [ customer service](/digital/customer-service)

about us

## terms of use

please read these terms and conditions carefully. by accessing this website
you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. these terms and
conditions are subject to change. any changes will be incorporated into the
terms and conditions posted to this website from time to time. if you do not
agree with these terms and conditions, please do not access this website.

unauthorized use of jpmorgan chase's websites and systems, including but not
limited to unauthorized entry into jpmorgan chase's systems, misuse of
passwords, posting of objectionable or offensive content or your unauthorized
use of legally protected third party content, or misuse of any information
posted to a site, is strictly prohibited.

you acknowledge that jpmorgan chase may disclose and transfer any information
that you provide through this website to (i) any company within the jpmorgan
chase group, its affiliates agents or information providers; (ii) to any other
person or entity with your consent; or (iii) if we have a right or duty to
disclose or are permitted or compelled to so disclose such information by law.
you consent to the transmission, transfer or processing of such information
to, or through, any country in the world, as we deem necessary or appropriate
(including to countries outside the eea), and by using and providing
information through this website you agree to such transfers. use of this
website, including any patterns or characteristics concerning your interaction
with it, may be monitored, tracked and recorded. anyone using this website
expressly consents to such monitoring, tracking and recording.

you agree not to attempt to log on to the website from any country under
sanctions by the office of foreign assets control (ofac). information
regarding which countries are under sanctions may be obtained on the u.s.
department of the treasury website. any attempt to log on to the website from
one of these countries may result in your access being restricted and/or
terminated.

if you use jpmorgan chase’s website or systems to access data related to any
account(s) of which you are not the owner or authorized user as reflected in
jpmorgan chase’s systems, you shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
jpmorgan chase & co. and all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries,
officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, and assigns from any and
all losses, liabilities, damages, and all related costs and expenses, arising
from, relating to, or resulting (directly or indirectly) from such access.
further, without limiting jpmorgan chase’s rights or your obligations under
any other provision of these terms and conditions, and notwithstanding the
same, in the event of any actual or reasonably suspected unauthorized access
to the personal information of a customer (including but not limited to
customer names, addresses, phone numbers, bank and credit card account
numbers, income and credit histories, and social security numbers) under your
control or subsequent to and arising from your past exercise of control,
direct damages in connection with any such breach will include the cost and
expenses of investigation and analysis (including by law firms and forensic
firms), correction or restoration of any destroyed, lost or altered data,
notification to affected customers, offering and providing of credit
monitoring, customers service, or other remediation services, and any related
cost. jpmorgan chase & co.’s rights to indemnity under this section are in
addition to all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. any
exercise by jpmorgan chase & co. of its rights to indemnification shall be
without prejudice to such other rights and remedies. you manifest your assent
to this indemnity by accessing account data through jpmorgan chase’s website
or systems, notwithstanding the terms of any agreement you have with a
customer or an account owner stating otherwise. this indemnity includes but is
not limited to losses associated with (1) a data breach of your system(s) and
(2) a data breach of the system(s) of any person or entity with whom you
provided or shared jpmorgan chase customer account data.

### copyright notices

the works of authorship contained in the chase.com website (the "website"),
including but not limited to all design, text, sound recordings and images,
are owned, except as otherwise expressly stated, by jpmorgan chase & co. or
one of its subsidiaries, ("jpmorgan chase"). except as otherwise expressly
stated herein, they may not be copied, transmitted, displayed, performed,
distributed (for compensation or otherwise), licensed, altered, framed, stored
for subsequent use or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without
chase's prior written consent, except to the extent permitted by the copyright
act of 1976 (17 u.s.c. § 107), as amended, and then, only with notices of
jpmorgan chase's proprietary rights provided that you may download information
and print out hard copies for your personal use, so long as you do not remove
any copyright or other notice as may be contained in information, as
downloaded.

### trademark notices

chase is the marketing name for the retail financial services activities of
jpmorgan chase & co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates in the united states.
"chase," "jpmorgan," "jpmorgan chase," the jpmorgan chase logo and the octagon
symbol are trademarks of jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., a wholly-owned subsidiary
of jpmorgan chase & co.  other featured words or symbols, used to identify the
source of goods and services, may be the trademarks of their respective
owners.

### web content and materials

the information on this website is for information purposes only. it is
believed to be reliable, but jpmorgan chase does not warrant its completeness,
timeliness or accuracy. the information on the website is not intended as an
offer or solicitation for the purchase of jpmorgan chase stock, any other
security or any financial instrument.

**securities (including mutual funds and variable life insurance), annuities
and insurance products are not bank deposits and are not insured by the fdic
or any other agency of the united states, nor are they obligations of, nor
insured or guaranteed by, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., cisc, cia, cmia or their
affiliates. securities (including mutual funds and variable life insurance)
and annuities involve investment risks, including the possible loss of
value.**

the information and materials contained in this website-and the terms and
conditions of the access to and use of such information and materials-are
subject to change without notice. products and services described, as well as,
associated fees, charges, interest rates, and balance requirements may differ
among geographic locations. not all products and services are offered at all
locations.

the jpmorgan.com website and the jpmorganchase.com website contain separate
terms and conditions, which are in addition to these terms and conditions. in
the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will govern for
those sections or pages. in addition, certain portions or pages of this
website are subject to additional disclosures and disclaimers. in the event of
a conflict between those disclosures and disclaimers, and these terms and
conditions, the additional disclosures and disclaimers will govern for those
portions or pages.

you agree that (i) you will not engage in any activities related to the
website that are contrary to applicable law, regulation or the terms of any
agreements you may have with jpmorgan chase, and (ii) in circumstances where
locations of the website require identification for process, you will
establish commercially reasonable security procedures and controls to limit
access to your password or other identifying information to authorized
individuals.

jpmorgan chase or its suppliers may discontinue or make changes in the
information, products or services described herein at any time without prior
notice to you and without any liability to you. any dated information is
published as of its date only, and jpmorgan chase does not undertake any
obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. jpmorgan
chase reserves the right to terminate any or all website offerings or
transmissions without prior notice to the user. furthermore, by offering this
website and information, products or services via this website, no
distribution or solicitation is made by jpmorgan chase to any person to use
the website or such information, products or services in jurisdictions where
the provision of the website and such information, products or services is
prohibited by law.  

### potential disruption of service

access to the website may from time to time be unavailable, delayed, limited
or slowed due to, among other things:

  * hardware failure, including among other things failures of computers (including your own computer), servers, networks, telecommunication lines and connections, and other electronic and mechanical equipment
  * software failure, including among other things, bugs, errors, viruses, configuration problems, incompatibility of systems, utilities or applications, the operation of firewalls or screening programs, unreadable codes, or irregularities within particular documents or other content
  * overload of system capacities
  * damage caused by severe weather, earthquakes, wars, insurrection, riots, civil commotion, act of god, accident, fire, water damage, explosion, mechanical breakdown or natural disasters
  * interruption (whether partial or total) of power supplies or other utility of service
  * strike or other stoppage (whether partial or total) of labor
  * governmental or regulatory restrictions, exchange rulings, court or tribunal orders or other human intervention
  * any other cause (whether similar or dissimilar to any of the foregoing) whatsoever beyond the control of jpmorgan chase

### links to other sites

links to non-jpmorgan chase websites are provided solely as pointers to
information on topics that may be useful to the websites, and jpmorgan chase
has no control over the content on such non-jpmorgan chase websites. if you
choose to link to a website not controlled by jpmorgan chase, jpmorgan chase
makes no warranties, either express or implied, concerning the content of such
site, including the accuracy, completeness, reliability or suitability thereof
for any particular purpose, nor does chase warrant that such site or content
is free from any claims of copyright, trademark or other infringement of the
rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or
other contamination. jpmorgan chase does not guarantee the authenticity of
documents on the internet. links to non-jpmorgan chase sites do not imply any
endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products,
information or services offered at such sites, or any representation regarding
the content at such sites.

### limitation of liability

**because of the possibility of human and mechanical error as well as other
factors, the website (including all information and materials contained on the
website) is provided "as is" "as available". jpmorgan chase and third party
data providers are not providing any warranties and representations regarding
the website. jpmorgan chase and third party data providers disclaim all
warranties and representations of any kind with regard to the website,
including any implied warranties of merchantability, non**- **infringement of
third party rights, freedom from viruses or other harmful code, or fitness for
any particular purpose. further, jpmorgan chase will not be liable for any
delay, difficulty in use, inaccuracy of information, computer viruses,
malicious code or other defect in this website, or for the incompatibility
between this website and files and the user's browser or other site accessing
program. nor will jpmorgan chase be liable for any other problems experienced
by the user due to causes beyond jpmorgan chase's control. no license to the
user is implied in these disclaimers.**

**jpmorgan chase and third party data providers do not warrant the accuracy,
adequacy, or completeness of the information and materials contained on the
website and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the
materials and information. furthermore, jpmorgan chase and its affiliates will
not be liable for any delay, difficulty in use, computer viruses, malicious
code, or other defect in website, any incompatibility between the website and
the user's files and the user's browser or other site accessing program, or
any other problems experienced by the user due to causes beyond jpmorgan chase
and its affiliates' control. no license to the user is implied in these
disclaimers. nothing herein shall be construed as limiting or reducing
jpmorgan chase's responsibilities and obligations to clients in accordance
with applicable laws and regulations.**

**under no circumstances will jpmorgan chase be liable for any lost profits,
lost opportunity or any indirect, consequential, incidental, special,
punitive, or exemplary damages arising out of any use of or inability to use
the website or any portion thereof, regardless of whether jpmorgan chase has
been apprised of the likelihood of such damages occurring and regardless of
the form of action, whether in contract, warranty, tort, (including
negligence), strict liability, or otherwise.**

### enforceability and governing law

in the event any of the terms or provisions of these terms and conditions
shall be held to be unenforceable, the remaining terms and provisions shall be
unimpaired and the unenforceable term or provision shall be replaced by such
enforceable term or provision as comes closest to the intention underlying the
unenforceable term or provision. these terms and conditions shall be subject
to any other agreements you have entered into with jpmorgan chase. the user's
access to and use of the chase.com website, and the terms of this disclaimer
are governed by the laws of the state of new york.

### patent notice

jpmorgan chase is licensed under u.s. patent numbers 5,910,988 and 6,032,137.

rev. aug. 2016  

si tienes alguna pregunta, por favor llama o [visita una sucursal local de
chase.](https://locator.chase.com/?locale=es_us)

## follow us:

  * [ facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/chase)
  * [ instagram ](https://instagram.com/chase)
  * [ twitter ](https://twitter.com/chase)
  * [ youtube ](https://www.youtube.com/chase)
  * [ linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chase?trk=company_logo)
  * [ pinterest ](https://www.pinterest.com/chase/)

we're here to help you manage your money today and tomorrow

## checking accounts

choose the [checking account](https://personal.chase.com/personal/checking)
that works best for you. see our [chase total
checking®](https://account.chase.com/consumer/banking/seo) offer for new
customers. make purchases with your debit card, and bank from almost anywhere
with your phone, tablet or computer and at our 16,000 atms and more than 4,700
branches nationwide.

## savings accounts & cds

it’s never too early to begin saving. [open a savings
account](https://personal.chase.com/personal/savings) or open a certificate of
deposit ([see interest rates](https://www.chase.com/personal/savings/bank-cd))
and start saving your money.

## prepaid card

the [starbucks® rewards visa® prepaid
card](https://www.chase.com/personal/debit-reloadable-cards/starbucks) is the
only reloadable prepaid card that allows you to earn stars everywhere you
shop, with no monthly, annual or reload fees. other fees may apply.

## credit cards

choose from our chase [credit cards](https://creditcards.chase.com/) to help
you buy what you need. many [offer
rewards](https://www.chase.com/personal/credit-cards/education/rewards-
benefits/what-are-travel-rewards-cards) that can be redeemed for [cash
back](https://creditcards.chase.com/cash-back-credit-cards), or for rewards at
companies like disney, marriott, hyatt, united or southwest airlines. we can
help you find the [credit card](https://creditcards.chase.com/) that matches
your lifestyle. plus, get your [free credit
score](https://www.chase.com/personal/credit-cards/chase-credit-journey)!

## mortgages

get a [mortgage](/personal/mortgage/mortgage-purchase), [low down payment
mortgage](/personal/mortgage/affordablelending), [jumbo
mortgage](/personal/mortgage/jumbo-mortgage) or [refinance your
home](/personal/mortgage/mortgage-refinance)  with chase. in our [learning
center](/personal/mortgage/tools-and-education), you can see today's [mortgage
rates](/personal/mortgage/mortgage-rates) and calculate what you can afford
with our [mortgage calculator](/personal/mortgage/calculators-resources)
before [applying for a
mortgage](https://secure.chase.com/web/oao/application/retail#/origination;cfgcode=502002/index/index).

## home equity line of credit

you might be able to use a portion of your home's value to spruce it up or pay
other bills with a [home equity line of credit](/personal/home-equity). to
find out if you may be eligible for a heloc, use our [heloc
calculator](/personal/home-equity/about-home-equity/calculators) and other
resources [for a heloc](/personal/home-equity/about-home-equity/check-
eligibility).

## car buying & loans

[chase auto](https://autopreferred.chase.com/) is here to help you get the
right car. apply for an [auto loan](https://autofinance.chase.com/auto-
finance/auto-loans?offercode=wdxdpxxx02) for a new or used car with chase. use
the [payment calculator](https://autofinance.chase.com/auto-finance/auto-
refinance/payment-calculator?offercode=wdxdpxxx02) to estimate monthly
payments.

## planning & investments

whether you choose to work with a [financial
advisor](https://www.chase.com/personal/investments/advisor) and develop a
financial strategy or [invest
online](https://www.chase.com/personal/investments/you-invest), j.p. morgan
offers insights, expertise and tools to help you reach your goals. check here
for latest you invest℠ [offers, promotions, and
coupons](https://accounts.chase.com/consumer/investing/online/youinvestoffer).

**investment and insurance products are:  • not fdic insured • not insured by
any federal government agency  • not a deposit or other obligation of, or
guaranteed by, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. or any of its affiliates • subject to
investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested**

## chase private client

get more from a personalized relationship with a dedicated banker to help you
manage your everyday banking needs and a j.p. morgan financial advisor who
will develop a customized investment strategy. upgrade or open a new chase
private client checking account now and [enjoy a bonus
offer](https://account.chase.com/consumer/banking/chaseprivateclient).

**investment and insurance products are: • not a deposit • not fdic insured •
not insured by any federal government agency • no bank guarantee • may lose
value**

## business banking

with [business banking](/business), you’ll receive guidance from a team of
business professionals who specialize in helping improve cash flow, providing
credit solutions, and on managing payroll. chase also offers online and mobile
services, [business credit cards](https://www.chase.com/business), and payment
acceptance solutions built specifically for businesses.

## about chase

chase bank serves nearly half of u.s. households with a broad range of
products. [chase online](https://www.chase.com) lets you manage your chase
accounts, view statements, monitor activity, pay bills or transfer funds
securely from one central place. if you have questions or concerns, please
contact us through [chase customer service](/digital/customer-service) or let
us know about [chase complaints and
feedback](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/complaints-feedback).

## sports & entertainment

chase gives you access to unique sports, entertainment and culinary events
through [chase experiences](https://experience.chase.com/) and our exclusive
partnerships such as the [us open](https://www.chase.com/digital/us-
open.html), [madison square garden](https://www.msg.com/) and [chase
center](https://experience.chase.com/chase-center.htm).

## other products & services:

  * [ online banking](https://www.chase.com/digital/online-banking)
  * [ mobile banking](https://www.chase.com/digital/mobile-banking)
  * [ student center](https://www.chase.com/personal/student-banking)
  * [ deposit and prepaid account agreements](https://www.chase.com/personal/branch-disclosures)

“chase,” “jpmorgan,” “jpmorgan chase,” the jpmorgan chase logo and the octagon
symbol are trademarks of jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. jpmorgan chase bank, n.a.
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of jpmorgan chase & co.

investing involves market risk, including possible loss of principal, and
there is no guarantee that investment objectives will be achieved.

j.p. morgan wealth management is a business of jpmorgan chase & co., which
offers investment products and services through **j.p. morgan securities llc**
(jpms), a registered broker-dealer and investment advisor, member
[finra](http://www.finra.org/) and [sipc](https://www.sipc.org/). annuities
are made available through chase insurance agency, inc. (cia), a licensed
insurance agency, doing business as chase insurance agency services, inc. in
florida. certain custody and other services are provided by jpmorgan chase
bank, n.a. (jpmcb). jpms, cia and jpmcb are affiliated companies under the
common control of jpmorgan chase & co. products not available in all states.

"chase private client" is the brand name for a banking and investment product
and service offering.

bank deposit accounts, such as checking and savings, may be subject to
approval. deposit products and related services are offered by jpmorgan chase
bank, n.a. member fdic.

  * [privacy](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/privacy-security)
  * [security](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/privacy-security)
  * [terms of use](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/terms-of-use)
  * [accessibility](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/accessibility)
  * [help for homeowners](https://www.chase.com/personal/mortgage/mortgage-assistance/get-started)
  * [site map ](https://www.chase.com/digital/resources/sitemap)
  * [adchoices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)
  * member fdic
  * equal housing lender

© 2021 jpmorgan chase & co..

## you're now leaving chase

chase's website and/or mobile terms, privacy and security policies don't apply
to the site or app you're about to visit. please review its terms, privacy and
security policies to see how they apply to you. chase isn’t responsible for
(and doesn't provide) any products, services or content at this third-party
site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the chase
name.

cancel proceed

