[ibm®](https://www.ibm.com/us/en)

  * [products & solutions]()
    * [hybrid cloud]()
    * [artificial intelligence]()
    * [top products & platforms](https://www.ibm.com/products?lnk=hpmps_bupr)
    * [solutions]()
    * [industries](https://www.ibm.com/industries?lnk=hpmps_buin)
    * [view all products](https://www.ibm.com/products?lnk=hpmps_buall)
  * [services & consulting]()
    * [business process services](https://www.ibm.com/services/process?lnk=hpmsc_bups)
    * [design & business strategy](https://www.ibm.com/services/ibmix/?lnk=hpmsc_budbs)
    * [hybrid multicloud services](https://www.ibm.com/services/cloud?lnk=hpmsc_buhs)
    * [talent & transformation](https://www.ibm.com/talent-management?lnk=hpmsc_buta)
    * [application services](https://www.ibm.com/services/applications?lnk=hpmsc_buas)
    * [ibm garage](https://www.ibm.com/garage?lnk=hpmsc_buas)
    * [security services](https://www.ibm.com/security/services?lnk=hpmsc_buse)
    * [services for tech support](https://www.ibm.com/services/technology-support?lnk=hpmsc_busv)
    * [flexible payment plans](https://www.ibm.com/financing/solutions/it-services-financing?lnk=hpmsc_bufi)
    * [view all services](https://www.ibm.com/services?lnk=hpmsc_buall)
  * [learn & support]()
    * [what is...](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn?lnk=hpmls_buwi)
    * [training](https://www.ibm.com/training/?lnk=hpmls_butr)
    * [developer education](https://developer.ibm.com/?lnk=hpmls_bude)
    * [documentation](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/?lnk=hpmls_budc)
    * [community]()
    * [resources](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/?lnk=hpmls_bure)
    * [support](https://www.ibm.com/support?lnk=hpmls_busu)
    * [cloud platform support](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/support?lnk=hpmls_bucl)
  * [explore more]()
    * [partners](https://www.ibm.com/partnerworld/public?lnk=hpmex_bupa)
    * [ibm research](https://www.research.ibm.com/?lnk=hpmex_bure)
    * [about ibm](https://www.ibm.com/about?lnk=hpmex_buab)
    * [covid-19](https://www.ibm.com/impact/covid-19?lnk=hpmex_buco)

  * [site map](https://www.ibm.com/sitemap/us/en)

ibm

  * [ibm privacy statement](/privacy)
  * [ ibm online privacy statement](/privacy/details)
  * [contact us](/privacy/contactus)

## ibm privacy statement

**this privacy statement is effective as of 01 december 2020.**

the previous version of this statement is available
[here](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/portal/previous-versions-of-ibm-privacy-
statements).

at ibm we recognize the importance of protecting your personal information and
are committed to processing it responsibly and in compliance with applicable
data protection laws in all countries in which ibm operates.

this privacy statement describes ibm's general privacy practices that apply to
personal information we collect, use and share about our clients, business
partners, supplier and other organizations with which ibm has or contemplates
a business relationship as well as the individuals working for them. this
privacy statement does not apply to the extent ibm processes personal
information on behalf of clients for their benefit and under their control (as
a “processor”), such as cloud services or applications (“apps”). it may apply
to collection of information related to authorized users of such services to
the extent ibm processes this information for its own interests (as
“controller”).

this privacy statement is supplemented by the [ibm online privacy
statement](/privacy/details/), which provides more information in the online
context, including recruitment. we may provide additional or more specific
information on the collection or use of personal information on websites or
related to a specific product or service.

**why and how we collect and use your personal information**

we may collect your personal information as an individual for various
purposes, such as the following:

  * **access and use of websites or other online service** **(including “apps”)**  
when entering one of our websites, or using an online service (where
references to online services include desktop or mobile applications or
“apps”), we will record information necessary to provide you with access, for
the operation of the website and for us to comply with security and legal
requirements in relation to operating our site, such as passwords, ip address
and browser settings. we also collect information about your activities during
your visit in order to personalize your website experience, such as recording
your preferences and settings, and to collect statistics to help us improve
and further develop our websites, products and services.

  * **responding to your request for information, order, or support**  
when you contact us (online or offline) in connection with a request for
information, to order a product or service, to provide you with support, or to
participate in a forum or other social computing tool, we collect information
necessary to fulfill your request, to grant you access to the product or
service, to provide you with support and to be able to contact you. for
instance, we collect your name and contact information, details about your
request and your agreement with us and the fulfillment, delivery and invoicing
of your order and we may include client satisfaction survey information. we
retain such information for administrative purposes, defending our rights, and
in connection with our relationship with you.  
  
when you provide your name and contact information to register in connection
with such a request, the registration may serve to identify you when you visit
our websites. for ordering of most services and products we require you to
have registered an ibmid. registration may also allow you to customize and
control your privacy settings.  

  * **your use of ibm cloud services**  
we collect information about your use of ibm cloud services to enable product
features to operate, improve your user experience, tailor our interactions
with you, inform our clients on the overall use of the services, provide
support and improve and develop our products and services. for details
regarding the technologies we employ, the personal information we collect, as
well as how to control or block tracking or to delete cookies, please refer to
the [ibm online privacy statement](/privacy/details/).

  * **contacting employees of our clients, prospects, partners and suppliers**  
in our relationship with clients or prospects, partners and suppliers, they
also provide us with business contact information (such as name, business
contact details, position or title of their employees, contractors, advisors
and authorized users) for purposes such as contract management, fulfillment,
delivery of products and services, provision of support, invoicing and
management of the services or the relationship.

  * **visitor information**  
we register individuals visiting our sites and locations (name, identification
and business contact information) and use camera supervision for reasons of
security and safety of persons and belongings, as well as for regulatory
purposes.

  * **marketing**  
most information we collect about you comes from our direct interactions with
you. when you register for an event we may collect information (online or
offline) in relation to the event organization, and during an event, such as
participation in sessions and survey results. we combine the personal
information we collect to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence
for conducting our business and for marketing purposes. you can choose to
receive information by email, telephone or postal mail about our products and
services. when visiting our websites or using our services we may provide you
with personalized information. you can always opt out from receiving
personalized communication from ibm by setting your marketing communication
preferences
[here](https://myibm.ibm.com/profile/dataprivacypreferences/welcome/us-en).
for subscriptions, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided at the
bottom of each email. more information can be found in the [ibm online privacy
statement](/privacy/details/).

where we reference that we use your personal information in connection with a
request, order, transaction or agreement (or preparing for the same), or to
provide you with services that you requested (such as a website), we do this
because it is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you.

where we reference that we use your personal information in relation to
marketing, improvement or development of our products or services, for reasons
of safety and security, or regulatory requirements other than in connection
with your agreement or request, we do this on the basis of our or a third
party’s legitimate interests, or with your consent. when we collect and use
your personal information subject to the eu privacy legislation this may have
consequences for your rights.  
  
 **sharing of personal information**  
  
as a global organization offering a wide range of products and services, with
business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross
borders, ibm has implemented global policies, along with standards and
procedures, for consistent protection of personal information. as a global
company, we may share information about you with our subsidiaries world-wide
and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business in accordance
with this privacy statement.  
  
between ibm controlled subsidiaries we only grant access to personal
information on a need-to-know basis, necessary for the purposes for which such
access is granted. in some cases, ibm uses suppliers located in various
countries to collect, use, analyze and otherwise process personal information
on its behalf.  
  
where appropriate, ibm may also share your personal information with selected
partners to help us provide you, or the company you work for, products or
services, or to fulfill your requests, or with your consent. when selecting
our suppliers and partners, we take into account their data handling
processes.  
  
if ibm decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some
countries, such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal
information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of such
information from sellers. it is ibm's practice to require appropriate
protection for personal information in these types of transactions.  
  
please be aware that in certain circumstances, personal information may be
subject to disclosure to government agencies pursuant to judicial proceeding,
court order, or legal process. we may also share your personal information to
protect the rights or property of ibm, our business partners, suppliers or
clients, and others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such
rights or property have been or could be affected.

**international transfers**  
  
the international footprint of ibm involves a large number of transfers of
personal information between different subsidiaries, as well as to third
parties located in the countries where we do business. some countries have
implemented transfer restrictions for personal information, in connection with
which ibm takes various measures, including:

  * where required, ibm implements standard contractual clauses approved by the eu commission, or similar contractual clauses in other jurisdictions. this includes transfers to suppliers or other third parties. you can request a copy of the eu standard contractual clauses [here](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/portal/contact/us-en).
  * ibm complies with the [apec cross border privacy rules ](http://cbprs.org/)(cbpr) system.

while the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield framework may no longer be
used or relied upon for transfer of personal information, ibm continues to
comply with all eu-u.s. privacy shield framework and swiss-u.s. privacy shield
framework obligations. more information can be found here: [ibm privacy shield
privacy policy](/privacy/privacy-shield "ibm-privacy-shield-privacy-policy-
for-certified-ibm-cloud-services") and[us department of
commerce](https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome).

back to top

**information security and accuracy**  
  
we intend to protect your personal information and to maintain its accuracy.
ibm implements reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards to
help us protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use and
disclosure. for example, we encrypt certain sensitive personal information
such as credit card information when we transmit such information over the
internet. we also require that our suppliers protect such information from
unauthorized access, use and disclosure.

**retention period**  
  
we will not retain personal information longer than necessary to fulfill the
purposes for which it is processed, including the security of our processing
complying with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g. audit, accounting and
statutory retention terms), handling disputes, and for the establishment,
exercise or defense of legal claims in the countries where we do business.

because the circumstances may vary depending on the context and the services,
the information provided in [online privacy statement](/privacy/details/) or
provided in a specific notice may provide more detailed information on
applicable retention terms.

**how to contact us**  
  
if you have a question related to this privacy statement, please contact us by
using [this form](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/portal/contact/us-en). your
message will be forwarded to the appropriate member of ibm's data privacy
team, such as data protection officers or members of their teams.

where this is relevant, the controller of your personal information is
international business machines corporation (ibm corp.), 1 north castle drive
armonk, new york, united states, unless indicated otherwise. where ibm corp.
or a subsidiary it controls is required under data protection law to appoint a
legal representative in the eea or the uk, the representative for the eea will
be ibm international group b.v., johan huizingalaan 765, 1066 vh amsterdam,
the netherlands; and the representative for the uk will be ibm united kingdom
limited, po box 41, north harbour, portsmouth, hampshire, po6 3au, united
kingdom.

ibm corp. is not the controller in situations such as:

  * personal information processed in connection with a contractual relationship, or with entering into a contractual relationship with a specific ibm subsidiary. in this case the controller of personal information is the ibm contracting company, which is the legal entity with which you or your employer have, or will have, the contract.
  * personal information collected on the physical site or location of an ibm subsidiary. in this case that subsidiary is the controller of the personal information.

## your rights

you can request to access, update, or correct, and in certain circumstances,
to delete your personal information. you also have the right to object to
direct marketing. you can access the request process[
here](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/portal/contact/us-en).

you may have additional rights pursuant to your local law applicable to the
processing. more information can be found [here](/privacy/additional-data-
subjects-rights "country-and-regional-overview").

**right to lodge a complaint**  
  
in the event you consider our processing of your personal information not to
be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can lodge a
complaint:

  * directly with ibm by using [this form](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/portal/contact/us-en).
  * with the competent data protection authority. the name and contact details of the data protection authorities in the european union can be found [here](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm).

**changes to our privacy statements**  
  
we may update this privacy statement from time to time to reflect changes to
our data governance practices. the revised privacy statement will be posted
here with an updated revision date. we encourage you to check back
periodically for any changes or updates. if we make a material change to our
privacy statement, we will post a notice at the top of this page for 30 days.
by continuing to use our websites after such revision takes effect we consider
that you have read and understand the changes.

## other privacy statements & policies

[california supplemental privacy statement](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/ccpa)

[ibm privacy shield privacy policy for certified ibm cloud
services](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/privacy-shield)

[ibm controller binding corporate rules](/privacy/bcr "ibm-controller-binding-
corporate-rules")

back to top  

### products & solutions

  * [top products & platforms](https://www.ibm.com/products?lnk=fps)
  * [industries](https://www.ibm.com/industries?lnk=fps)
  * [artificial intelligence](https://ibm.com/cloud/ai?lnk=fps)
  * [blockchain](https://www.ibm.com/blockchain?lnk=fps)
  * [business operations](https://www.ibm.com/business-operations?lnk=fps)
  * [cloud computing](https://www.ibm.com/cloud?lnk=fps)
  * [data & analytics](https://www.ibm.com/analytics?lnk=fps)
  * [hybrid cloud](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/hybrid?lnk=fps)
  * [it infrastructure](https://www.ibm.com/it-infrastructure?lnk=fps)
  * [security](https://www.ibm.com/security?lnk=fps)
  * [supply chain](https://www.ibm.com/supply-chain?lnk=fps)

### learn about

  * [what is hybrid cloud?](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/hybrid-cloud?lnk=fle)
  * [what is artificial intelligence?](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/what-is-artificial-intelligence?lnk=fle)
  * [what is cloud computing?](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/cloud-computing?lnk=fle)
  * [what is kubernetes?](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/kubernetes?lnk=fle)
  * [what are containers?](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/containers?lnk=fle)
  * [what is devops?](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/devops-a-complete-guide?lnk=fle)
  * [what is machine learning?](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn/machine-learning?lnk=fle)

### popular links

  * [communities](https://community.ibm.com/community/user/home?lnk=fpo)
  * [developer education](https://developer.ibm.com/?lnk=fpo)
  * [support - download fixes, updates & drivers](https://www.ibm.com/support/fixcentral/?lnk=fpo)
  * [ibm research](https://www.research.ibm.com/?lnk=fpo)
  * [partner with us - partnerworld](https://www.ibm.com/partnerworld/public?lnk=fpo)
  * [training - courses](https://www.ibm.com/training/search?q=course&lnk=fpo)
  * [upcoming events & webinars](https://www.ibm.com/events/?lnk=fpo)

### about ibm

  * [annual report](https://www.ibm.com/annualreport/?lnk=fab)
  * [career opportunities](https://www.ibm.com/employment/?lnk=fab)
  * [corporate social responsibility](https://www.ibm.org/?lnk=fab)
  * [diversity & inclusion](https://www.ibm.com/employment/inclusion/?lnk=fab)
  * [investor relations](https://www.ibm.com/investor/?lnk=fab)
  * [news & announcements](https://newsroom.ibm.com/?lnk=fab)
  * [thought leadership](https://www.ibm.com/thought-leadership/?lnk=fab)
  * [security, privacy & trust](https://www.ibm.com/trust?lnk=fab)
  * [about ibm](https://www.ibm.com/about?lnk=fab)

  * [contact ibm](https://www.ibm.com/contact/us/en/?lnk=flg-cont-usen)
  * [privacy](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/?lnk=flg-priv-usen)
  * [terms of use](https://www.ibm.com/us-en/legal?lnk=flg-tous-usen)
  * [accessibility](https://www.ibm.com/accessibility/us/en/?lnk=flg-acce-usen)
  * cookie preferences

