[ibm®](https://www.ibm.com/us/en)

  * [products & solutions]()
    * [hybrid cloud]()
    * [artificial intelligence]()
    * [top products & platforms](https://www.ibm.com/products?lnk=hpmps_bupr)
    * [solutions]()
    * [industries](https://www.ibm.com/industries?lnk=hpmps_buin)
    * [view all products](https://www.ibm.com/products?lnk=hpmps_buall)
  * [services & consulting]()
    * [business process services](https://www.ibm.com/services/process?lnk=hpmsc_bups)
    * [design & business strategy](https://www.ibm.com/services/ibmix/?lnk=hpmsc_budbs)
    * [hybrid multicloud services](https://www.ibm.com/services/cloud?lnk=hpmsc_buhs)
    * [talent & transformation](https://www.ibm.com/talent-management?lnk=hpmsc_buta)
    * [application services](https://www.ibm.com/services/applications?lnk=hpmsc_buas)
    * [ibm garage](https://www.ibm.com/garage?lnk=hpmsc_buas)
    * [security services](https://www.ibm.com/security/services?lnk=hpmsc_buse)
    * [services for tech support](https://www.ibm.com/services/technology-support?lnk=hpmsc_busv)
    * [flexible payment plans](https://www.ibm.com/financing/solutions/it-services-financing?lnk=hpmsc_bufi)
    * [view all services](https://www.ibm.com/services?lnk=hpmsc_buall)
  * [learn & support]()
    * [what is...](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/learn?lnk=hpmls_buwi)
    * [training](https://www.ibm.com/training/?lnk=hpmls_butr)
    * [developer education](https://developer.ibm.com/?lnk=hpmls_bude)
    * [documentation](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/?lnk=hpmls_budc)
    * [community]()
    * [resources](https://www.ibm.com/blogs/?lnk=hpmls_bure)
    * [support](https://www.ibm.com/support?lnk=hpmls_busu)
    * [cloud platform support](https://www.ibm.com/cloud/support?lnk=hpmls_bucl)
  * [explore more]()
    * [partners](https://www.ibm.com/partnerworld/public?lnk=hpmex_bupa)
    * [ibm research](https://www.research.ibm.com/?lnk=hpmex_bure)
    * [about ibm](https://www.ibm.com/about?lnk=hpmex_buab)
    * [covid-19](https://www.ibm.com/impact/covid-19?lnk=hpmex_buco)

  * [site map](https://www.ibm.com/sitemap/us/en)

ibm

#  terms of use

* * *

## date: november 20, 2020

### **overview**

the following are the terms of an agreement between you and ibm. by accessing,
or using this web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and
agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and
regulations, including export and re-export control laws and regulations. if
you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this web site.

ibm may, without notice to you, at any time, revise these terms of use and any
other information contained in this web site. ibm may also make improvements
or changes in the products, services, or programs described in this site at
any time without notice.

### **general**

this web site contains proprietary notices and copyright information, the
terms of which must be observed and followed. please see the tab entitled
“copyright and trademark information” for related information.

ibm grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited permission to access
and display the web pages within this site as a customer or potential customer
of ibm provided you comply with these terms of use, and all copyright,
trademark, and other proprietary notices remain intact. you may only use a
crawler to crawl this web site as permitted by this web site’s robots.txt
protocol, and ibm may block any crawlers in its sole discretion. the use
authorized under this agreement is non-commercial in nature (e.g., you may not
sell the content you access on or through this web site.) all other use of
this site is prohibited.

except for the limited permission in the preceding paragraph, ibm does not
grant you any express or implied rights or licenses under any patents,
trademarks, copyrights, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights.
you may not mirror any of the content from this site on another web site or in
any other media. any software and other materials that are made available for
downloading, access, or other use from this site with their own license terms
will be governed by such terms, conditions, and notices. your failure to
comply with such terms or any of the terms on this site will result in
automatic termination of any rights granted to you, without prior notice, and
you must immediately destroy all copies of downloaded materials in your
possession, custody or control.

**rules of conduct**

your use of ibm.com and any related ibm websites (ibm websites) is subject to
all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations,
and you agree not to violate such laws and regulations. any attempt by any
person to deliberately damage ibm websites is a violation of criminal and
civil laws. ibm reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the
fullest extent permitted by law.

you agree not to post or transmit through ibm websites any material or content
that violates or infringes in any way the rights of others or solicits,
encourages or promotes the use of illegal substances or activities, which is
unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, derogatory,
invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, bigoted or hateful,
profane, scandalous, pornographic, indecent or otherwise objectionable, gives
rise to civil or criminal liability or otherwise violates any applicable law.

you may not impersonate another user, use another user’s ibmid, permit someone
else to use your ibmid, attempt to capture or guess other users’ passwords,
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers for the purpose of
disguising the origin of any content you transmit, conduct fraudulent business
operations or practices, or promote or conceal unlawful conduct.

you may not engage in any activity on ibm websites which restrict or inhibit
any other user from using or enjoying ibm websites by “hacking,” “cracking,”
“spoofing,” or defacing any portions of ibm websites. you may not use ibm
websites to stalk or harass another person or entity.

you may not post or transmit through ibm websites advertising or commercial
solicitations; promotional materials relating to website or online services
which are competitive with ibm and/or ibm websites; software or other
materials that contain viruses, worms, time bombs, trojan horses, or other
harmful or disruptive components, political campaign materials; chain letters;
mass mailings, spam mail, any robot, spider, site search/retrieval
application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve,
index, “data mine,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational
structure or presentation of ibm websites or contents. you may not harvest or
collect information about website visitors without their express written
consent.

### **disclaimer**

from time to time, this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or
typographical errors, and we do not warrant the accuracy of any posted
information. please confirm you are using the most up-to-date pages on this
web site, and confirm the accuracy and completeness of information before
using it to make decisions relating to services, products, or other matters
described in this web site.

if any term in this terms of use is found by competent judicial authority to
be unenforceable in any respect, the validity of the remainder of this terms
of use will be unaffected, provided that such unenforceability does not
materially affect the parties’ rights under this terms of use.

### **forward-looking and cautionary statements**

except for historical information and discussions, statements set forth
throughout this web site may constitute forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 or other
applicable laws. these statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties,
and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially, as
discussed in the company's filings with the u.s. securities and exchange
commission. see the “sec filings” tab under “investor relations” on this web
site for copies of such filings.

### **confidential information**

ibm does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you
through our web site. please note that any information or material sent to ibm
will be deemed not to be confidential. by sending ibm any information or
material, you grant ibm an unrestricted, irrevocable license to copy,
reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, publicly display,
perform, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use, those
materials or information. you also agree that ibm is free to use any ideas,
concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send us for any purpose. however,
we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you
submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your
permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or
other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be
published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do
so by law. personally-identifiable information that you submit to ibm for the
purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with
our privacy policies. please see the tab entitled “privacy” for information
regarding ibm’s privacy policies.

### **u.s. government restricted rights**

ibm provides the software downloaded from this web site to u.s. government
users with “restricted rights." use, reproduction, or disclosure is subject to
the restrictions set forth in ibm’s gsa adp schedule contract.

### **global availability**

information ibm publishes on the internet may contain references or cross
references to ibm products, programs and services that are not announced or
available in your country. such references do not imply that ibm intends to
announce or make available such products, programs, or services in your
country. please consult your local ibm business contact for information
regarding the products, programs, and services that may be available to you.

### **business relationships**

this web site may provide links or references to non-ibm web sites and
resources. ibm makes no representations, warranties, or other commitments or
endorsements whatsoever about any non-ibm web sites or third-party resources
(including any lenovo web site) that may be referenced, accessible from, or
linked to any ibm site. in addition, ibm is not a party to or responsible for
any transactions you may enter into with third parties, even if you learn of
such parties (or use a link to such parties) from an ibm site. when you access
a non-ibm web site, even one that may contain the ibm-logo, please understand
that it is independent from ibm, and that ibm does not control the content on
that web site. it is up to you to take precautions to protect yourself from
viruses, worms, trojan horses, and other potentially destructive programs, and
to protect your information.

### **linking to this site**

ibm consents only to links to this web site in which the link and the pages
that are activated by the link do not: (a) create frames around any page on
this web site or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual
presentation or appearance of any content within this site; (b) misrepresent
your relationship with ibm; (c) imply that ibm approves or endorses you, your
web site, or your service or product offerings; and (d) present false or
misleading impressions about ibm or otherwise damage the goodwill associated
with the ibm name or trademarks. as a further condition to being permitted to
link to this site, you agree that ibm may at any time, in its sole discretion,
terminate permission to link to this web site. in such event, you agree to
immediately remove all links to this web site and to cease any related use of
ibm trademarks.

### **disclaimer of warranty**

use of this site is at your sole risk. all materials, information, products,
software, programs, and services are provided "as is," with no warranties or
guarantees whatsoever. ibm expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted
by law all express, implied, statutory, and other warranties, guarantees, or
representations, including, without limitation, the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of
proprietary and intellectual property rights. without limitation, ibm makes no
warranty or guarantee that this web site will be uninterrupted, timely,
secure, or error-free.

you understand and agree that if you download or otherwise obtain materials,
information, products, software, programs, or services from this web site, you
do so at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible
for any damages that may result, including loss of data or damage to your
computer system. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of warranties,
so the above exclusions may not apply to you.

### **limitation of liability**

to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will ibm be
liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary
or consequential damages of any type whatsoever related to or arising from
this web site or any use of this web site, or of any site or resource linked
to, referenced, or accessed through this web site, or for the use or
downloading of, or access to, any materials, information, products, or
services, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business
interruption, lost savings or loss of programs or other data, even if ibm is
expressly advised of the possibility of such damages. this exclusion and
waiver of liability applies to all causes of action, whether based on
contract, warranty, tort, or any other legal theories.

* * *

##  uses

[copyright and trademark information](/legal/copytrade)

[digital millennium copyright act notices](/legal/dmca)

  * [contact ibm](https://www.ibm.com/contact/us/en/?lnk=flg-cont-usen)
  * [privacy](https://www.ibm.com/privacy/us/en/?lnk=flg-priv-usen)
  * [terms of use](https://www.ibm.com/us-en/legal?lnk=flg-tous-usen)
  * [accessibility](https://www.ibm.com/accessibility/us/en/?lnk=flg-acce-usen)
  * cookie preferences

