![cbs privacy logo](https://privacy.cbs/_i/logo-privacy-cbs.png)

search

# cbs privacy policy

jump to...

  * types of information we collect
  * how we use the information we collect
  * how we share your information
  * managing your information and privacy choices
  * security
  * information for california visitors
  * information for nevada visitors
  * visitors from outside the united states
  * international transfers
  * privacy protection of children
  * third party websites and services
  * changes to this privacy policy
  * questions

**last modified** : december 30, 2019

_note: the cbs privacy policy has been updated to more clearly explain our
practices and add certain new rights for users. california residents, please
see revisions to the notice to âcalifornia visitorsâ. please review the
updated privacy policy carefully before using the cbs services. by using any
of the cbs services, you acknowledge the terms of the updated privacy policy.
review the[previous
version](https://www.cbsinteractive.com/legal/cbsi/privacy-policy/20181203) of
the privacy policy._

welcome to the network of interactive services provided by cbs (referred to as
âcbs,â âus,â or âweâ) through our various brands, channels, sites,
mobile or tv applications or other products and services that operate under
the cbs brands (collectively, the âcbs servicesâ). trust is a cornerstone
of our mission at cbs. we are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust
by following a core set of privacy principles:

  * transparency
  * choice
  * access
  * security
  * accountability

this privacy policy applies to information collected about you by the cbs
services. please review this privacy policy carefully. in addition, please
review our terms of use, which governs your use of the cbs services. by using
any of the cbs services, you acknowledge the data collection practices and
purposes outlined in this privacy policy.

## types of information we collect

when you use cbs services, we collect a few different types, or
âcategories,â of information. this information generally falls within
three broad categories: (a) the information you provide to us, (b) the
information we collect automatically when you use our services, and (c)
information we obtain from other sources. we describe this information, and
the primary purpose for which it is used, below. the full description of how
we use the personal information we collect is also provided below.

### information you provide to us

cbs services collects information you provide to us, including:

  * **registration information.** _when you register for certain services, complete any application form, or enter contests or competitions, we sometimes ask you for your name, email address, postal address, demographic information, and any preferences that you may have (e.g., which newsletters you would like to receive). we use this to provide access to certain cbs services, personalize them, and remember your preferences._

  * **billing and payment information.** _when you place an order with us or access a particular service, we will collect certain payment and identity verification information, including your name, email address, and credit card information. we use this to bill you for your use of the cbs services._

  * **information you post on the cbs services.** _we collect personal information from you when you provide or post information to our services, including your user name, comments, likes, interests, status, pictures and references to your online presence. we make this information available to others, as you request._

  * **correspondence you send us.** _when you contact us directly by calling our offices or providing feedback, comments or suggestions on programs and other activities, we may collect the information you provide as part of your correspondence to us. we use this to provide services to you and to learn about your interests and concerns._

  * **information you provide about others.** _sometimes, you may provide information about others â for example, to refer a friend to certain cbs services. we use this to make the cbs services available to the people you refer._

  * **information you provide offline.** _you might also provide personal information to us in person and offline. you may be recorded if you visit our offices (including by security surveillance of our premises, including cctv), or attend a live performance or the taping of one of our programs as a member of a studio audience, or, if you submit sweepstakes entrance forms or an application to participate in one of our programs by mail or in person. we use this information to provide services to you, protect our security, and learn about your preferences._

### information collected automatically through cookies and other online
tracking technologies

we and our service providers operating on our behalf, other businesses who
collect information on our pages, may automatically collect or receive certain
information associated with you and/or your device(s) as part of your use of
the cbs services through device-based tracking technologies such as cookies,
pixels, tags, beacons, scripts or other technology. for more information about
cookies and other tracking technologies visit
[privacy.cbs/cookies](https://privacy.cbs/cookies). the information we collect
automatically includes geolocation data, such as (a) information that
identifies the precise location of your mobile device (when you agree to allow
an app to collect this) and (b) your ip address, which may be used to estimate
your approximate location. we use this information to ensure that the cbs
services work properly, and to deliver customized content and advertising,
including personalized ads, to you.

### information we obtain from other sources

the cbs services collect information about you from other sources, such as
publicly available databases and other third parties that have the right to
share your personal information. the categories of information we get from
these other sources include:

  * contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, and telephone number, used to contact you;

  * demographic data, such as age, gender, and income level, used to customize content and advertising, and learn about our audiences;

  * activity and usage information, including information about your interests, purchase behavior, and other navigation data, such as websites visited and advertisements viewed or clicked on, used to customize content and advertising;

  * publicly-observed data, such as activities on blogs, videos, and other online postings used to customize content and advertising;

  * employment-related data, including information from a recruitment agency if you are applying for a job with us used to help us match applicants to open positions;

  * account and profile data from third-party sources. if you access third party social networking services (e.g., facebook, twitter) through a cbs service, or if you access a cbs service through one of these services, we may receive your username and password for those services and other information available about you or collected from you on those services, used to customize content and advertising and learn about our audiences and the popularity of our content, as described further in our video services and social networking policy available at [privacy.cbs/videoservices](https://privacy.cbs/videoservices);

  * we collect information about you through interactive applications (e.g., mobile devices, third party social networking services, and embedded audio and video players), from co-branded partners and websites (e.g., on our facebook pages), from our advertisers, and from commercially available sources (e.g., data aggregators and public databases). this privacy policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to us.

## how we use the information we collect

we use the information we collect for the purposes described in this privacy
policy, including to:

  * make the cbs services available to you, verify your identity when you log in, and remember your account settings.

  * bill you for subscription or other services for which there is a charge, and verify your identity or payment information for your security and protection.

  * respond to questions or concerns about your subscription or the cbs services, and send you alerts and important updates about your account or the cbs services.

  * send you updates and other offers, promotions, or updates for our products and services or the products and services of our advertising partners.

  * verify your entry into and eligibility to participate in contests, giveaways, or sweepstakes and inform you if youâve won. if your entry information will be used for any other purposes, we will disclose that in the applicable rules governing that contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes.

  * provide content recommendations tailored to your tastes.

  * monitor and improve the operation, delivery, and general accessibility of the cbs services.

  * maintain the safety and security of the cbs services and those who use them including by investigating or blocking activities that may violate this privacy policy, the terms of use, or applicable law.

  * verify delivery and track performance of an advertising campaign and ensure that an ad is only delivered when a real person is visiting the site and that the same users donât see the same ads too frequently.

  * provide you with personalized advertising on some of the cbs services based on your online activity. for more information on how your information on how your information is accessed and used for personalized advertising visit [privacy.cbs/personalizedads](https://privacy.cbs/personalizedads).

## how we share your information

we sometimes share information collected about you as disclosed at the time of
collection, as otherwise disclosed in this privacy policy, and in the
following circumstances:

  * **within the cbs services and with the cbs family of brands.** _where permitted by law, we may share information we collect about you with the cbs companies so that we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you._

  * **banks or other organizations in connection with a business transfer.** _we may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a cbs service, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy._

  * **regulators, courts, law enforcement, and other governmental authorities.** _we may disclose information about our users, including contact information, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process and other law enforcement measures, and to comply with other legal obligations. there may be circumstances where the law requires us to disclose the information, or where disclosure is required to prevent a risk to health or safety, or for law enforcement purposes._

  * **authorized service providers.** _we share your contact information with vendors who help us with specialized services, including customer support, email and text message deployment, analytics, marketing, suppression list management and data processing. these service providers are allowed to use your contact information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose._

  * **audience measurement services.** _we share your information with audience measurement companies like comscore and nielsen that help us and other websites measure and understand the audiences that view our content._

  * **video viewing behavior.** _consistent with applicable law, we may share your video viewing behavior with third parties including advertising companies, analytics partners, and social media sites. for more information see the video services and social networking policy at[privacy.cbs/videoservices](https://privacy.cbs/videoservices)._

  * **sponsors and other partners for sweepstakes, contests, or giveaways.** _when you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotions, your information may be disclosed to our sponsors and others who help design, administer and implement the promotion, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment and aggregated data analysis. your information also may be disclosed as required by law, such as on a winners list. further, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, including allowing our sponsors to use your name, voice, and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law. all terms applicable to the particular promotion will be made available to you at the time you enter the promotion._

  * **co-branded partners.** _co-branded partners are companies with whom a cbs service jointly offers a service or feature. you can tell when you are accessing a service or feature offered by a co-branded partner because the co-branded partnerâs name will be featured prominently. you may be asked to provide information about yourself to register for a service offered with a co-branded partner. in doing so, you may be providing your information to both us and the co-branded partner. please note that the co-branded partnerâs privacy policy may also apply to its use of your information._

  * **other persons or entities.** _with appropriate consent when required, certain cbs services may share your contact information with third party marketing partners, and they may contact you by email, telephone, postal mail or other common communication methods with marketing and promotional messages about their products or services. sometimes we will give you the option to receive further communications from one of our advertising partners, for example when we run a competition with that advertiser. when you provide consent to receive communications from that third party advertiser, your personal information will be managed by that third partyâs own privacy policy._

## managing your information and privacy choices

you have certain options and rights related to the information we collect and
how that information is used. while we must continue to collect and store
certain information that is required to allow you to take advantage of certain
features and services offered on cbs services or to comply with legal,
financial or other operational or regulatory requirements, your options for
managing your information and privacy choices include:

  * you can review and update your registration information through your account settings on the applicable cbs services.

  * you can opt out of receiving emails or text messages from particular cbs services or other services or partners by following the instructions contained in any such message or by contacting us directly through your account settings. please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages, we may still need to send you communications relating to your use of the cbs services.

  * you can deactivate web and mobile push notification by changing the notification settings on your device for mobile and account settings for web.

  * to better understand your options for managing personalized advertising see our page on personalized advertising at [privacy.cbs/personalizedads](https://privacy.cbs/personalizedads) and cookies & other tracking technologies at [privacy.cbs/cookies](https://privacy.cbs/cookies).

  * you can always contact us using the contact information provided in this privacy policy to update, amend, or delete your information. _if you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information, we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time subject to any agreement between you and us. please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our contractual, legal and security obligations. some of your information may also remain in back-up storage for a period of time even if you ask us to delete it. in some cases, you may be entitled under local laws to access, correct, move, or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you._

## security

we are committed to protecting your information. we have adopted commercially
reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect
your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration.
please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100%
secure. we want you to feel confident using cbs services but we cannot ensure
or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.

## information for california visitors

for additional information for residents of the state of california visit
[ca.privacy.cbs](https://ca.privacy.cbs).

## information for nevada visitors

nevada law requires website operators to provide a way for nevada consumers to
opt out of the sale of certain information that the website operator may
collect about them. this information is limited to direct identifiers, such as
your name, postal address, and email address. when nevada consumers opt out of
the sale of their information, website operators must ensure that the
information is not sold to another business that will further license or sell
the information to others. if you are a nevada resident and you would like to
opt out of any possible sale of this information, please contact us
[here](https://privacy.cbs/contactus).

for all requests, you must put the statement âyour nevada privacy rightsâ
in the subject field of your request. you must also include your full name,
street address, city, state, and zip code. we will not accept requests via
telephone, postal mail, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices
that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete
information.

## visitors from outside the united states

for additional information about our privacy practices and additional rights
you may have please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction:

### australia

[privacy.cbs/australia](https://privacy.cbs/australia)

### canada

[privacy.cbs/canada](https://privacy.cbs/canada)

### the european union

[eu.privacy.cbs](https://eu.privacy.cbs)

## international transfers

we are headquartered in the united states and has affiliate offices and
partners in other countries. please be aware that information you provide to
us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the cbs services may be
collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the united states or
another country in accordance with applicable law. the privacy and data
protection laws in the country to which your information is transferred may
not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. your personal
information may be subject to the laws of the country to which it is
transferred and may be accessible without notice to you by the courts, law
enforcement and national security authorities of that country. by using and
participating in any cbs services or providing us with your information, you
acknowledge the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of
your information.

## privacy protection of children

most cbs services are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly
collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13 in the
united states or the appropriate age for services directed toward children as
defined under applicable laws in other jurisdictions. some cbs services may
ask for your full date of birth date to ensure that they are not collecting
information from children under 13 in the united states or the appropriate age
for services directed toward children as defined under applicable laws in
other jurisdictions or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken
when information has been collected from children under 18 or under the age of
majority in their jurisdiction, if higher than 18. to read about our privacy
policy for children, please see the childrenâs privacy policy at
[privacy.cbs/childrensprivacypolicy](https://privacy.cbs/childrensprivacypolicy).

## third party websites and services

please note that some cbs services may contain links to other websites and
services. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those third
parties , and we recommend that you review the privacy policies of any third
party property you visit. when you select a link to a third party property
from one of the cbs services (e.g., if you link to paypal to pay for a product
or service offered by a cbs service), you will be leaving the cbs service. any
information that you disclose on the third party website will be governed by
that websiteâs privacy policy.

## changes to this privacy policy

we will update this privacy policy from time to time to reflect changes in our
practices and service offerings. if we modify our privacy policy, we will
update the âlast modified dateâ at the top of this privacy policy and such
changes will be effective upon posting. if we make any material changes to the
way we use personal information we collect, we will notify you in advance by
email through the email address you most recently provided to us or by
prominently posting a prominent notice of the changes on the cbs services. we
will not use information we have already collected in a different way than we
have described here, without your consent.

## questions

if you have questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us
[here](https://privacy.cbs/contactus) and we will endeavor to respond to your
request within a reasonable period of time. you may also submit questions or
comments using the postal address listed below:

cbs interactive inc. 235 second street san francisco, ca 94105 usa attn: legal
department

we are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any
privacy concerns.

![brand logos: cbs, cbs local, cbs interactive, pop, showtime, simon and
schuster, smithsonian channel](https://privacy.cbs/_i/logo-brands.png)

**[terms of use](https://www.cbsinteractive.com/legal/cbsi/terms-of-use)**  

privacy topics

  * **[privacy policy](https://privacy.cbs/)**
  * [cookies & other online tracking technologies](https://privacy.cbs/cookies)
  * [cbs television stations and fcc requirements](https://privacy.cbs/cbsradiopolicyandrequirements)
  * [childrenâs privacy policy](https://privacy.cbs/childrensprivacypolicy)
  * [information for visitors from california](https://ca.privacy.cbs/)
  * [information for visitors from australia](https://privacy.cbs/australia)
  * [information for visitors from canada](https://privacy.cbs/canada)
  * [information for visitors from the european union (eu)](https://eu.privacy.cbs/)
  * [information for visitors using last.fm](https://privacy.cbs/visitorsusinglastfm)
  * [personalized advertising](https://privacy.cbs/personalizedads)
  * [video services policy](https://privacy.cbs/videoservices)

**privacy policies**  
[cbs companies](https://privacy.cbs/)  
[pop tv](https://poptv.com/privacy_policy)  
[showtime](https://www.showtime.com/#privacy)  
[simon & schuster](https://www.simonandschuster.com/c/privacy-policy)  
[smithsonian channel](https://www.smithsonianchannel.com/legal/privacy-policy)

(c)2021 viacomcbs - all rights reserved.

