* [![](/about/images/logo-small.png)](http://www.couchsurfing.com/)

about

  * [about us](/about/about-us/)
  * [team](/about/team/)
  * [jobs](/about/jobs/)
  * [press](/about/press/)
  * [blog](http://blog.couchsurfing.com/)

getting started

  * [how it works](/about/how-it-works/)
  * [resource center](/about/resource-center/)
  * [mobile](/about/mobile/)

safety

  * [basics](/about/safety/)
  * [tips](/about/tips/)
  * [faq](/about/faq/)

community

  * [our values](/about/values/)
  * [ambassador program](/about/ambassadors/)
  * [stories](http://couchsurfing.tumblr.com/)
  * [special thanks](/about/thanks/)

support

  * [policies](/about/policies/)
  * [terms of use](/about/terms-of-use/)
  * [privacy policy](/about/privacy-policy/)
  * [guidelines](/about/guidelines/)
  * [help](https://support.couchsurfing.com/hc/en-us)

# terms of use

last updated: june 30, 2020

**please read these terms of use carefully. by registering for an account or
by accessing or using the services, you agree to be bound by these terms of
use and all terms incorporated by reference. if you do not agree to all of
these terms, do not access or use the services.**

these terms of use (“terms”) apply to your access to and use of any website,
mobile application or other online or mobile product or service (collectively,
the “services”) of couchsurfing international, inc. (“couchsurfing,” “we” or
“us”). if you are using the services on behalf of any entity, you represent
and warrant that you are authorized to accept these terms on such entity’s
behalf and that such entity will be responsible for your violation of these
terms. failure to use our services in accordance with these terms may result
in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the
services and may subject you to legal action by couchsurfing and/or severe
civil and/or criminal penalties.

we reserve the right to make changes or modifications to these terms, or any
policy or guideline of our services, at any time and in our sole discretion.
if couchsurfing makes changes to these terms, we will provide notice of such
changes, including by revising the date at the top of these terms. your
continued use of our services following the posting of changes or
modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or
modifications. accordingly, you should frequently review these terms and
applicable policies and guidelines to understand the terms and conditions that
apply to your use of the services.

please refer to our privacy policy for information about how couchsurfing
collects, uses and discloses information about our members. in addition, by
accessing or using our services, you agree to adhere to the community
guidelines.

please contact us with any questions regarding these terms. you can contact us
by mail at couchsurfing international, inc. attention: couchsurfing
international, inc.

attn: legal department

548 market st

pmb 86600

san francisco, california 94104-5401 us

or by email at support@couchsurfing.com

#### 1\. eligibility, registration and account

you must be at least 18 years old to access or use the services. by
registering to use our services, you represent that you are at least 18 years
old. in order to access certain areas and features of our services, you will
need to register for an account using either your email address or your login
credentials from a third-party social media site. if you register with your
email address, you agree to create a unique password that you do not use with
any other online product or service. by registering for an account, you
further agree to (a) provide accurate, truthful, current and complete
information; (b) maintain and promptly update your account information upon
any changes; (c) maintain the security of your account by protecting your
password and restricting access to your account; (d) promptly notify
couchsurfing if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches
related to the services; and (e) take responsibility for all activities that
occur under your account and accept all risks of any authorized or
unauthorized access.

#### 2\. third party terms

couchsurfing may offer the opportunity to purchase products and services from
third parties. you acknowledge that such products and services are offered and
sold to you by one or more third parties. for more information, please refer
to the applicable third party’s terms of sale and privacy policy that are
presented as part of the checkout process.

#### 3\. interactions with other members

3.1 you have sole responsibility when interacting with other members. our
services provide a platform for members to learn about one another, arrange
stays and travel, engage in activities and communicate with one another.
couchsurfing is not a party to, has no involvement or interest in, makes no
representations or warranties as to, and has no responsibility or liability
with respect to any communications, transactions, interactions, disputes or
any relations whatsoever between you and any other member, person or
organization. you are solely responsible for your interactions with other
members of our services. we reserve the right, but have no obligation, to
monitor interactions between you and other members of our services.

remember, the couchsurfing services are just a platform that enable you to
communicate and interact with other people around the world. we cannot be
responsible for the interactions that you have with other couchsurfing
members, so please use good judgment and keep safety in mind when you use our
services.

3.2 identity verification. we cannot and do not confirm each member’s
identity. although we provide tools intended to assist with identity
verification, such as our address verification tool (as described in section
3.3), you are solely responsible for determining the identity and suitability
of others with whom you may interact through our services. couchsurfing does
not represent or warrant that our tools are sufficient to determine whether it
is appropriate for you to interact with another member. further, we do not
endorse any persons who use or register for our services. we do not
investigate or verify any member’s reputation, conduct, morality, criminal
background, or any information members may submit to the services (other than
the address-verification tool as described in section 3.3). we encourage you
to take precautions when interacting with other members, particularly when
meeting a stranger in person for the first time.

3.3 our address-verification tool. our address verification tool is intended
merely to confirm that the postal address a member submits to us is an address
at which that member is able to access or receive mail. couchsurfing’s address
verification tool is not intended to confirm that a member actually resides at
a particular address. while this is one of many ways to reduce the risk of
misconduct by a member, it is not a guarantee of any member’s identity or good
faith.

3.4 member-hosted events; couchsurfing ambassadors. members may organize in-
person meetings and host events for other couchsurfing members; however, these
events are not sponsored or endorsed by couchsurfing and members attend such
meetings and events at their own risk. in addition, couchsurfing members may
sign up to become couchsurfing ambassadors (or members of a successor program)
and contribute their time to activities that support the couchsurfing
community, such as meeting new members, organizing events and answering
questions. couchsurfing ambassadors (or members of a successor program) are
not agents of couchsurfing and couchsurfing is not responsible or liable for
any acts or omissions of these members.

3.5 release. because our services are merely a platform, in the event that you
have a dispute with one or more members, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law you release us (and our officers, directors, members,
employees, agents and affiliates) from claims, demands and damages (actual and
consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and
unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected
with such disputes. if you are a california resident, you waive california
civil code 1542, which says: “a general release does not extend to claims
which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time
of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected
his settlement with the debtor.”

#### 4\. member conduct and content

the services include interactive areas where you or other members can create,
post or store content, messages, materials, data, information, text, music,
sound, photos, videos, graphics or other items or materials on the services
(collectively, “member content”). you are solely responsible for your use of
such interactive areas and agree that your use of these areas is at your own
risk.

4.1 member content restrictions. you are solely responsible for any member
content that you submit, post or transmit via our services. you agree not to
post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish
through the services, member content that we believe, in our sole discretion:

(a) is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, harassing, threatening, invasive of
privacy or publicity rights, or that would otherwise create liability or
violate any local, state, national or international law;

(b) contains nudity, sexually explicit content or is otherwise obscene,
pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive or sexually exploitative of minors;

(c) may disparage any ethnic, racial, sexual or religious group by
stereotypical depiction or is otherwise abusive or inflammatory;

(d) depicts the use of illicit drugs;

(e) contains offensive language or images or is otherwise objectionable;

(f) incites violence or characterizes violence as acceptable, glamorous or
desirable;

(g) contains unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or
solicitations, without our prior written consent;

(h) contains private or personal information about another person, unless such
person has agreed to the disclosure of this information;

(i) contains viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or
destructive file viruses, cancel bots, trojan horses, harmful code, flood
pings, denial-of-service attacks, packet or ip spoofing, forged routing or
electronic mail address information or similar methods or technology;

(j) may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other
intellectual or proprietary right of any party. by posting member content, you
represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and
reproduce such member content; or

(k) would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense
or violate the rights of any third party. couchsurfing is not responsible for
any member content that you or other members post, transmit or store through
the services. we have no obligation to post member content from you or anyone
else and we may, in our sole discretion, edit, remove or delete any member
content without notice. if you become aware of member content that violates
these terms, you may notify of us such content by using the reporting tools
provided on our services. enforcement of these terms, however, is solely in
our discretion and the absence of enforcement in some instances does not waive
of our right to enforce the terms in other instances. in addition, these terms
do not create a private right of action on the part of any third party or any
reasonable expectation that the services will not contain any content that is
prohibited by such rules.

4.2 member conduct. by accessing or using the services, you agree to act
responsibly, exercise good judgment and comply with the community guidelines.
in addition, you agree not to:

(a) use the services in violation of any applicable law or regulation,
including promoting or encouraging any illegal activity;

(b) infringe the rights of any third party, including without limitation,
intellectual property, privacy, publicity or contractual rights;

(c) use the services in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt,
negatively affect or inhibit other members from fully enjoying the services or
that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of the
services in any manner;

(d) use our services in connection with the distribution of spam (which we
define as unsolicited bulk e-mail or any other unsolicited messages of a
commercial, religious, romantic, political or other nature not within the
intended purposes of the services);

(e) stalk, intimidate, threaten or otherwise harass or cause discomfort to any
other member of our services;

(f) collect or store any information about any other member other than as
permitted on our services;

(g) use our services for any commercial purpose whatsoever, unless with prior
written consent from couchsurfing;

(h) register for more than one member account;

(i) impersonate any person or entity, or falsify or otherwise misrepresent
yourself or your affiliation with any person or entity, whether by providing
or omitting to provide information;

(j) circumvent or attempt to defeat any security or verification measure
relating to use of the services;

(k) hold yourself out as an agent, representative, employee or affiliate of
couchsurfing, including but not limited to when you host an event for other
couchsurfing members or sign up to be a couchsurfing ambassador; or

(l) assist any third party in doing any of the foregoing.

4.3 member content license. you own all of the member content that you post to
our services. if you post member content to our services, you hereby grant us
a perpetual (i.e. lasting forever), worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive,
royalty-free and fully sublicensable (i.e. we can grant this right to others)
license to use, reproduce, display, perform, adapt, modify, create derivative
works from, distribute, have distributed and promote such member content in
any form, in all media now known or hereinafter created (including in emails
or other communications to our members) to administer, operate, develop and
otherwise provide the couchsurfing services. you represent and warrant that
(a) you own and control all of the rights to the member content that you post
or you otherwise have the right to post such member content to the services;
(b) the member content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) the use and
posting of the member content you supply does not violate these terms and will
not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity. you own the
member content that you post to our services. if member content contains
information about you, our privacy policy will apply, and we encourage you to
review this policy for information about how we can use and share such
information.

#### 5\. submissions

separate and apart from member content, we welcome questions, comments,
suggestions and ideas about couchsurfing and our services (“submissions”). if
you provide a submission, whether by email or otherwise, you agree that it is
non-confidential (unless couchsurfing states otherwise in writing) and shall
become the sole property of couchsurfing. couchsurfing shall own exclusive
rights, including all intellectual property rights, and shall be entitled to
the unrestricted use and dissemination of submissions for any purpose,
commercial or otherwise. you acknowledge that couchsurfing is not obligated to
provide acknowledgment or compensation to you in exchange for submissions.

#### 6\. copyright and limited license

unless otherwise indicated, the services and all content and other materials
on the services, including, without limitation, the couchsurfing logo, and all
designs, text, graphics, pictures, videos, information, data, software, sound
files and other files, and the selection and arrangement thereof,
(collectively, the “couchsurfing materials”) are the proprietary property of
couchsurfing or our licensors or members and are protected by u.s. and
international copyright laws.

you are granted a limited, non-exclusive and non-sublicensable license to
access and use the services and couchsurfing materials; however, such license
is subject to these terms and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial
use of the services or the couchsurfing materials; (b) the distribution,
public performance or public display of any couchsurfing materials; (c)
modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of the services and the
couchsurfing materials, or any portion thereof, unless modification or
derivative use is specifically permitted under applicable law or provided for
under separate terms; (d) use of any data mining, robots or similar data
gathering or extraction methods; (e) downloading (other than the page caching)
of any portion of the services, the couchsurfing materials or any information
contained therein, except as expressly permitted on the services; or (f) any
use of the services or the couchsurfing materials other than for their
intended purposes. any use of the services or the couchsurfing materials other
than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission
of couchsurfing, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted
herein. such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including
without limitation copyright and trademark laws. unless explicitly stated
herein, nothing in these terms shall be construed as conferring any license to
intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.
this license is revocable at any time.

#### 7\. repeat infringer policy

in accordance with the digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”) and other
applicable law, couchsurfing has adopted a policy of terminating, in
appropriate circumstances and in couchsurfing’s sole discretion, members who
are deemed to be repeat infringers. couchsurfing may also, in our sole
discretion, limit access to the services and/or terminate the accounts of any
members who we believe may infringe any intellectual property rights of
others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

#### 8\. copyright complaints

if you believe that anything on the services infringes upon any copyright
which you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement
with couchsurfing.

couchsurfing international, inc.

attn: legal department

548 market st

los angeles, ca 90017

pmb 86600

san francisco, california 94104-5401 us

email address of designated agent: support@couchsurfing.com

please see 17 u.s.c. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification.
you should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that
the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages,
including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer
as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or
disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.

#### 9\. trademarks

“couchsurf,” “couchsurfing,” the couchsurfing logos and any other couchsurfing
service name or slogan contained on the services are trademarks of
couchsurfing and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part,
without the prior written permission of couchsurfing or the applicable
trademark holder. you may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text”
utilizing “couchsurfing” or any other name, trademark or product or service
name of couchsurfing without our prior written permission. in addition, the
look and feel of the services, including all page headers, custom graphics,
button icons and scripts, are the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress
of couchsurfing and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part,
without our prior written permission. all other trademarks, registered
trademarks, product names and names or logos mentioned in the services are the
property of their respective owners. reference to any products, services,
processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer,
supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or
recommendation thereof by us. any authorized use of these trademarks must be
in accordance with guidelines that couchsurfing may provide you from time to
time, including the couchsurfing trademark policy [couchsurfing trademark
policy](/about/trademark/).

our logo and the terms “couchsurfing” and “couchsurfer”, as well as other
terms and visual elements that you might see throughout the couchsurfing
services, are protected trademarks. however, we do support members using these
trademarks in appropriate ways, such as to make your own t-shirts or to create
local couchsurfing community social media pages. to learn more, including how
to obtain written permission to use our marks, please read [our trademark
policy](/about/trademark/).

#### 10\. hyperlinks

you are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a text hyperlink to
the services, provided such link does not portray couchsurfing or any of our
services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and
provided further that the linking site does not contain any adult or illegal
material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise
objectionable. this limited right may be revoked at any time. you may not use
a couchsurfing logo or other proprietary graphic of couchsurfing to link to
the services without the express written permission of couchsurfing. further,
you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any
couchsurfing trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the
images found on the services, the content of any text or the layout/design of
any page or form contained on a page of the services without couchsurfing’s
express written consent. except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right
or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise in or under any patent,
trademark, copyright or other proprietary right of couchsurfing or any third
party.

#### 11\. third-party content

in using our services, you may be exposed to content from other members or
third parties (“third-party content”), either on our services or through links
to third-party websites. we do not control, endorse or adopt any third-party
content and shall have no responsibility for third-party content, including
without limitation material that may be misleading, incomplete, erroneous,
offensive, indecent or otherwise objectionable. you must evaluate, and bear
all risks associated with, third-party content, including without limitation,
profiles of other members of our services. we incorporate google maps into the
services as a convenience to you. by using this feature of the services, you
agree to be bound by google’s terms of use.

#### 12\. termination

if you are in breach of these terms, or any other policies or community
standards we have in place from time to time, we may, in our discretion at any
time: (a) terminate your access to our services, (b) deactivate or delete your
account and all related information and files in such account and/or (c) bar
your access to any of such files or services. in any of these instances, you
are not permitted to register for another couchsurfing account without our
prior written permission.

in rare circumstances, when we feel it is necessary to protect the safety or
the well being of the couchsurfing community, we will remove a member’s
account from our services. we don’t take this decision lightly, but it is
sometimes required.

#### 13\. discontinuance of services

we may, in our discretion and without liability to you, with or without prior
notice and at any time, modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any
portion of our services.

#### 14\. price changes

**14.1. membership:**

your couchsurfing contributions will continue and automatically renew until
terminated. to use the couchsurfing service you must have internet access and
provide us with one or more contribution methods. "contribution method" means
a current, valid, accepted method of contributing, as may be updated from time
to time and which may include contributing through your account with a third
party. you must cancel your couchsurfing contributions before they renew in
order to avoid contributing your couchsurfing contribution for the next
contribution cycle to your contribution method (see "cancellation" below).

we may offer a number of contribution plans, including special promotional
plans or contributions offered by third parties in conjunction with the
provision of their own products and services. we are not responsible for the
products and services provided by such third parties. some membership
contribution plans may have differing conditions and limitations, which will
be disclosed at your sign-up or in other communications made available to you.
you can find specific details regarding your couchsurfing membership by
logging into your account and navigating to "membership & contributions" on
the "account & settings" page.

**14.2. billing and cancellation:**

**contribution cycle.** the couchsurfing member contribution and any other
charges you may incur in connection with your use of the service, such as
taxes and possible transaction fees, will be charged to your contribution
method on the next contribution date indicated on "membership & contributions"
on the "account & settings" page. the length of your contribution cycle will
depend on the type of contribution plan that you choose when you sign-up for
as a member of couchsurfing. contributions are fully earned upon payment. in
some cases your contribution date may change, for example if your contribution
method has not successfully settled or if your membership began on a day not
contained in a given month. visit our website and go to "membership &
contributions" on the "account & settings" page to see your next contribution
date. we may authorize your contribution method in anticipation of membership
or service-related charges through various methods, including authorizing it
up to approximately one month of service as soon as you register.

**contribution methods.** to use the couchsurfing service you must provide one
or more contribution methods. you authorize us to charge any contribution
method associated to your account in case your primary contribution method is
declined or no longer available to us for payment of your membership
contribution. you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. if a
contribution is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient
funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your contributions, we may suspend
your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid
contribution method. for some contribution methods, the issuer may charge you
certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the
processing of your contribution method. check with your contribution method
service provider for details.

**updating your contribution methods.** you can update your contribution
methods by contacting our support team. we may also update your contribution
methods using information provided by the payment service providers. following
any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable contribution
method(s).

**cancellation.** you can cancel your couchsurfing contributions at any time,
and you will continue to have access to the couchsurfing service through the
end of your contribution period. to cancel, please contact our support team.
if you cancel your contributions, your account will be accessible until the
end of your current contribution period. to see when your contribution period
expires, go to "membership & contributions" on the "account & settings" page.
if you signed up for couchsurfing using your account with a third party, such
as paypal, as a contribution method and wish to cancel your couchsurfing
contributions, you may need to do so through that third party, for example by
visiting your account with the applicable third party and turning off auto-
renew, or cancelling your contributions to the couchsurfing service through
that third party. you may also find contribution information about your
couchsurfing contributions by visiting your account with the applicable third
party.

**changes to the price and contributions plans.** we reserve the right to
change our contribution plans or adjust pricing for our service or any
components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our
sole and absolute discretion. except as otherwise expressly provided for in
these terms of use, any price changes or changes to your contribution plan
will take effect following notice to you.

**no refunds.** contributions are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or
credits for partially used periods. following any cancellation, however, you
will continue to have access to the service through the end of your current
contribution period. at any time, and for any reason, we may provide a refund,
discount, or other consideration to some or all of our members ("credits").
the amount and form of such credits, and the decision to provide them, are at
our sole and absolute discretion. the provision of credits in one instance
does not entitle you to credits in the future for similar instances, nor does
it obligate us to provide credits in the future, under any circumstance.

#### 15\. member’s representations and warranties

15.1. you hereby represent and warrant that you have the full power and
authority to enter into and perform under these terms. if you are using our
services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that you are
authorized to accept these terms on such entity’s behalf.

15.2. you hereby represent and warrant that you will use our services in a
manner consistent with any and all applicable local, state, national and
international laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, united
states export-control laws.

15.3. if you are (a) located in, under the control of, or a national or
resident of any country to which the united states has embargoed goods or
services, (b) identified as a “specially designated national”, or (c) placed
on the commerce department’s denied persons list, you represent and warrant
that you will not engage in financial transactions with, or commercial
activities on, couchsurfing (including making payments in connection with any
identity verification tools provided by couchsurfing). without limiting the
foregoing, you are solely responsible for determining whether you have
complied with travel restrictions to and from certain countries, including
travel to and from countries other than the u.s.

15.4. you hereby represent and warrant that you will not use the services if
the laws of your country prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these
terms (for example, if you are not allowed to provide the types of personal
information that we require or if you are prohibited from participating in
certain internet activity). by using the services, you represent and warrant
that such use will not violate, or cause us to violate, the laws of your
country.

#### 16\. disclaimer of warranties

16.1. if you use our services, you do so at your sole risk. our services are
provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, we expressly disclaim, and you waive, all other
warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, without
limitation, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, title and non-infringement as to the services, including the
information, content and materials contained therein.

16.2. we do not represent or warrant that (a) our services will meet your
requirements; (b) our services will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or
error-free; (c) any information that you may obtain through our services will
be accurate or reliable; (d) the quality of any products, services,
information or other material purchased or obtained by you through our
services will meet your expectations; (e) any information you provide or we
collect will not be disclosed to third parties; or (f) any errors in any data
or software will be corrected.

16.3. if you access or transmit any content through the use of our services,
you do so at your own discretion and your sole risk. you are solely
responsible for any loss or damage arising out of such access or transmission;
therefore, you should use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect
viruses from any download.

16.4. no data, information or advice obtained by you in oral or written form
from us or through or from our services will create any warranty not expressly
stated in these terms.

#### 17\. limits on liability

17.1. subject to applicable law, in no event shall couchsurfing, or our
directors, members, employees or agents be liable for any special, indirect or
consequential damages, including, but not limited to loss of use, loss of
profits or loss of data, whether in an action in contract, tort (including but
not limited to negligence) or otherwise, even if we have been advised of the
possibility of such damages, arising from or relating to: (a) the use or
inability to use our services; (b) the cost of replacement of any goods,
services or information purchased or obtained as a result of any information
obtained from or transactions entered into through or from our services; (c)
disclosure of, unauthorized access to or alteration of your content; (d)
damages for loss or corruption of data or programs, service interruptions or
procurement of substitute services, even if we know or have been advised of
the possibility of such damages; (e) statements, conduct or omissions of any
service providers or other third party on our services; (f) your or anyone
else’s conduct or acts in connection with the use of the services; or (g) any
other matter arising from, relating to or connected with our services or these
terms.

17.2. we shall not be liable for any failure or delay in performing under
these terms, whether or not such failure or delay is due to causes beyond our
reasonable control.

17.3. in no event will our aggregate liability to you or any third party in
any matter arising from or relating to our services or these terms exceed the
sum of one hundred us dollars ($100).

17.4. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or
the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential
damages. accordingly, some of the limitations of sections 16 and 17 may not
apply to you.

17.5 notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these terms, nothing in these
terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury caused by
our negligence or for fraud.

#### 18\. indemnity

you shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless couchsurfing (and each of our
officers, directors, members, employees, agents and affiliates) from any
claim, demand, action, damage, loss, cost or expense, including without
limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or relating to (a) your
use of our services; (b) any member content or submissions you provide; (c)
your violation of these terms; (d) your violation of any rights of another; or
(e) your conduct in connection with the services. further, if you are using
the services on behalf of any entity, you represent and warrant that such
entity agrees to indemnify you and couchsurfing for violations of these terms
in accordance with this section. if you are obligated to indemnify us, we will
have the right, in our sole and unfettered discretion, to control any action
or proceeding and determine whether we wish to settle it, and if so, on what
terms.

#### 19\. reporting misconduct

if you interact with anyone through our services who you feel is acting or has
acted inappropriately, including but not limited to offensive, violent or
sexually inappropriate behavior, who steals from you or engages in any other
disturbing conduct, we strongly encourage you to immediately report such
person to the appropriate authorities and to us by contacting us using the
couchsurfing help center. please note that although we encourage you to report
misconduct, we are not responsible or liable for our members’ actions, and we
are not obligated to take any action.

#### 20\. disputes.

please read the following paragraph carefully because it requires you to
arbitrate disputes with couchsurfing and it limits the manner in which you can
seek relief. you and couchsurfing agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from
these terms or relating to the services, except that you and couchsurfing are
not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable or
other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade
names, logos, trade secrets or patents. subject to any rights you may have
under applicable law, arbitration prevents you from suing in court or from
having a jury trial. you and couchsurfing agree that you will notify each
other of any dispute within thirty (30) days of when it arises, that you will
attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration, that any
arbitration will occur in san francisco, california and that arbitration will
be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the
rules of the american arbitration association. you and couchsurfing also agree
that the state or federal courts in san francisco county, california have
exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any
suit between the parties not subject to arbitration. other than class
procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to
grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court. whether the
dispute is heard in arbitration or in court, you and couchsurfing will not
commence against the other a class action, class arbitration or other
representative action or proceeding.

#### 21\. miscellaneous.

21.1 assignment. you may not assign any of your rights or obligations under
these terms without prior written consent from couchsurfing. couchsurfing may
assign any or all of its rights under these terms, in whole or in part,
without obtaining your consent or approval.

21.2 entire agreement. these terms contain the entire agreement, and supersede
all prior and contemporaneous understandings, between the parties regarding
their subject matter.

21.3 waiver. our failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege
under these terms shall not operate as a waiver thereof.

21.4 severability. the invalidity or unenforceability of any of these terms
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other of these terms,
all of which shall remain in full force and effect.

21.5 headings. headings of sections are for convenience only and shall not be
used to limit or construe such sections.

21.7 survival. sections 3.5 (release), 4 (member conduct and content), 5
(submissions), 9 (trademarks), 11 (third-party content), 14 (member’s
representations and warranties), 15 (disclaimer of warranties), 16 (limits on
liability), 17 (indemnity), 19 (disputes), and this section 20 (miscellaneous)
shall survive any termination or expiration of these terms.

  * [

### surfing the sahara

moustafa cheaiteli crossed the sahara desert using only local transportation
and couchsurfing.

read this and more stories

](http://couchsurfing.tumblr.com/)

  * [

### mobile

download couchsurfing for android or iphone

](/about/mobile)

  * [

### safety

couchsurfing has a dedicated trust and safety team. more about safety

](/about/safety)

connect with us:

  * [](http://twitter.com/couchsurfing "twitter")
  * [](http://facebook.com/couchsurfing "facebook")
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucv_xm-dtdp2rpmxi5xq7_lq "you tube")
  * [](http://couchsurfing.tumblr.com/ "tumblr")
  * [](http://instagram.com/couchsurfing "instagram")

* * *

  *     * ##### about

    * [about us](/about/about-us)
    * [team](/about/team)
    * [jobs](/about/jobs)
    * [press](/about/press)
    * [blog](http://blog.couchsurfing.com/)
  *     * ##### getting started

    * [how it works](/about/how-it-works)
    * [resource center](/about/resource-center)
    * [mobile](/about/mobile)
  *     * ##### safety

    * [basics](/about/safety)
    * [tips](/about/tips)
    * [faq](/about/faq)
  *     * ##### community

    * [our values](/about/values)
    * [ambassador program](/about/ambassadors)
    * [stories](http://couchsurfing.tumblr.com/)
    * [special thanks](/about/thanks)
  *     * ##### support

    * [policies](/about/policies)
    * [help](https://support.couchsurfing.com)
    * [terms of use](/about/terms-of-use/)
    * [privacy policy](/about/privacy-policy/)
    * [community guidelines](/about/guidelines)
    * [trademark policy](/about/trademark)

(c) 1999 - 2020 couchsurfing international, inc.

