[![coursera](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

  * [browse](/browse)
  * [top courses](/courses)
  * [log in](/about/cookies?authmode=login)
  * [join for free](/about/cookies?authmode=signup)

list

[![coursera](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

[privacy notice](/about/privacy)[ccpa notice](/about/privacy/ccpa)[data
protection addendum](/about/privacy/data-protection-addendum)[cookies
policy](/about/cookies)[terms of use](/about/terms)

* * *

# cookies policy

* * *

_effective: january 1, 2021._

coursera ("us", "we", or "our") uses cookies on coursera.org and affiliated
websites (collectively the "site").

our cookies policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-
parties we partner with may use cookies on the site, and your choices
regarding cookies. please read this cookies policy in conjunction with our
[privacy notice](https://www.coursera.org/about/privacy), which sets out
additional details on how we use personally identifiable information and your
various rights.

## what are cookies

cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you
visit. a cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the site or a
third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the site more
useful to you. essentially, cookies are a userâs identification card for the
coursera servers. web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers
that allow us to track your use of our site and related functionalities.
cookies and web beacons allow coursera to serve you better and more
efficiently, and to personalize your experience on our site.

cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.

## how coursera uses cookies

when you use and access the site, we may place a number of cookies files in
your web browser.

coursera uses or may use cookies and/or web beacons to help us determine and
identify repeat visitors, the type of content and sites to which a user of our
site links, the length of time each user spends at any particular area of our
site, and the specific functionalities that users choose to use. to the extent
that cookies data constitutes personally identifiable information, we process
such data as set out in our privacy notice.

we use both session and persistent cookies on the site and we use different
types of cookies to run the site:

  *  _essential cookies._ necessary for the operation of the site. we may use essential cookies to authenticate users, prevent fraudulent use of user accounts, or offer site features.
  *  _analytical/performance cookies._ allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and see how visitors move around the site when using it. this helps us improve the way the site works.
  *  _functionality cookies._ used to recognise you when you return to the site. this enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
  *  _targeting cookies._ record your visit to the site, the pages you have visited, and the links you have followed. we will use this information to make the site and the content more relevant to your interests. we may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.

to view a list of coursera cookies, please view our [cookies
table](https://www.coursera.org/about/cookies-table).

## third-party cookies

in addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-party cookies to
report usage statistics of the site and refine marketing efforts.

  *  _tracking cookies_. follow on-site behavior and tie it to other metrics allowing better understanding of usage habits.
  *  _optimization cookies_. allow real-time tracking of user conversion from different marketing channels to evaluate their effectiveness.
  *  _partner cookies_. provide marketing conversion metrics to our partners so they can optimize their paid marketing efforts.

to view a list of coursera cookies, please view our [cookies
table](https://www.coursera.org/about/cookies-table).

## what are your choices regarding cookies

if you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or
refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. you can also
use the âmanage preferencesâ link in the âhow coursera uses cookiesâ
section above to change your settings. coursera does not currently recognize
do-not-track signals from your web browser.

please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you
might not be able to use some or all of the features we offer. you may not be
able to log in, store your preferences, and some of our pages might not
display properly.

california law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser do
not track (dnt) signals. because there is currently no industry or legal
standard for recognizing or honoring dnt signals, we do not respond to them at
this time.

# revisions

below is a list of all the revisions made to the content of our cookies
policy, with links to view the difference between each revision.

  * [2020-12-18: updated for clarity regarding the choices you have with respect to cookies](https://www.diffchecker.com/fgimmyfa)

## coursera footer

### top online courses

  * [finding purpose & meaning in life](/learn/finding-purpose-and-meaning-in-life)
  * [understanding medical research](/learn/medical-research)
  * [japanese for beginners](/learn/japanese-1)
  * [introduction to cloud computing](/learn/introduction-to-cloud)
  * [foundations of mindfulness](/learn/foundations-of-mindfulness)
  * [fundamentals of finance](/learn/finance-fundamentals)
  * [machine learning](/learn/machine-learning)
  * [machine learning using sas viya](/learn/machine-learning-sas)
  * [the science of well being](/learn/the-science-of-well-being)
  * [covid-19 contact tracing](/learn/covid-19-contact-tracing)
  * [ai for everyone](/learn/ai-for-everyone)
  * [financial markets](/learn/financial-markets-global)
  * [introduction to psychology](/learn/introduction-psychology)
  * [getting started with aws](/learn/aws-machine-learning)
  * [international marketing](/specializations/international-marketing)
  * [c++](/learn/c-plus-plus-a)
  * [predictive analytics & data mining](/learn/predictive-analytics-data-mining)
  * [ucsd learning how to learn](/learn/learning-how-to-learn)
  * [michigan programming for everybody](/learn/python)
  * [jhu r programming](/learn/r-programming)
  * [google cbrs cpi training](/learn/google-cbrs-cpi-training)

### top online specializations

  * [natural language processing (nlp)](/specializations/natural-language-processing)
  * [ai for medicine](/specializations/ai-for-medicine)
  * [good with words: writing & editing](/specializations/good-with-words)
  * [infections disease modeling](/specializations/infectious-disease-modelling)
  * [the pronounciation of american english](/specializations/american-english-pronunciation)
  * [software testing automation](/specializations/software-testing-automation)
  * [deep learning](/specializations/deep-learning)
  * [python for everybody](/specializations/python)
  * [data science](/specializations/jhu-data-science)
  * [business foundations](/specializations/wharton-business-foundations)
  * [excel skills for business](/specializations/excel)
  * [data science with python](/specializations/data-science-python)
  * [finance for everyone](/specializations/finance-for-everyone)
  * [communication skills for engineers](/specializations/leadership-communication-engineers)
  * [sales training](/specializations/sales-training-high-performing-teams)
  * [career brand management](/specializations/career-brand-management)
  * [wharton business analytics](/specializations/business-analytics)
  * [penn positive psychology](/specializations/positivepsychology)
  * [washington machine learning](/specializations/machine-learning)
  * [calarts graphic design](/specializations/graphic-design)

### online certificates

  * [professional certificates](/professional-certificates)
  * [mastertrack certificates](/mastertrack)
  * [google it support](/professional-certificates/google-it-support)
  * [ibm data science](/professional-certificates/ibm-data-science)
  * [google cloud data engineering](/professional-certificates/gcp-data-engineering)
  * [ibm applied ai](/professional-certificates/applied-artifical-intelligence-ibm-watson-ai)
  * [google cloud architecture](/professional-certificates/gcp-cloud-architect)
  * [ibm cybersecurity analyst](/professional-certificates/ibm-cybersecurity-analyst)
  * [google it automation with python](/professional-certificates/google-it-automation)
  * [ibm z/os mainframe practitioner](/professional-certificates/ibm-z-mainframe)
  * [uci applied project management](/professional-certificate/applied-project-management)
  * [instructional design certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/instructional-design-illinois)
  * [construction engineering and management certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/construction-engineering-management-umich)
  * [big data certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/big-data-asu)
  * [machine learning for analytics certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/machine-learning-analytics-chicago)
  * [innovation management & entrepreneurship certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/innovation-management-entrepreneurship-hec)
  * [sustainabaility and development certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/sustainability-development-umich)
  * [social work certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/social-work-umich)
  * [ai and machine learning certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/ai-machine-learning-asu)
  * [spatial data analysis and visualization certificate](https://www.coursera.org/mastertrack/spatial-data-analysis-visualization-ucdavis)

### online degree programs

  * [computer science degrees](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/computer-science)
  * [business degrees](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/business)
  * [public health degrees](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/public-health)
  * [data science degrees](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/data-science)
  * [bachelor's degrees](/collections/bachelors-degrees)
  * [bachelor of computer science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/bachelor-of-science-computer-science-london)
  * [ms electrical engineering](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/msee-boulder)
  * [bachelor completion degree](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/unt-online-bachelor-completion)
  * [ms management](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/ms-management-illinois)
  * [ms computer science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/master-of-computer-science-asu)
  * [mph](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/global-mph-imperial)
  * [accounting master's degree](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/imsa)
  * [mcit](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/mcit-penn)
  * [mba online](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/imba)
  * [master of applied data science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/master-of-applied-data-science-umich)
  * [global mba](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/global-mba-macquarie)
  * [master's of innovation & entrepreneurship](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/omie)
  * [mcs data science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/masters-in-computer-data-science)
  * [master's in computer science](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/master-of-computer-science-illinois)
  * [master's in public health](https://www.coursera.org/degrees/mph-umich)

### coursera

  * [about](https://about.coursera.org/)
  * [what we offer](https://about.coursera.org/how-coursera-works/)
  * [leadership](https://about.coursera.org/leadership)
  * [careers](/about/careers)
  * [catalog](/browse)
  * [coursera plus](/courseraplus)
  * [certificates](/professional-certificate)
  * [mastertrackâ¢ certificates](/mastertrack)
  * [degrees](/degrees)
  * [for enterprise](/business?utm_campaign=website&utm_content=corp-to-home-footer-for-enterprise&utm_medium=coursera&utm_source=enterprise)
  * [for government](/government?utm_campaign=website&utm_content=corp-to-home-footer-for-government&utm_medium=coursera&utm_source=enterprise)
  * [for campus](/campus?utm_campaign=website&utm_content=corp-to-home-footer-for-campus&utm_medium=coursera&utm_source=enterprise)

### community

  * [learners](https://www.coursera.community)
  * [partners](https://www.coursera.org/about/partners)
  * [developers](https://building.coursera.org/developer-program/)
  * [beta testers](https://www.coursera.community/#beta-tester)
  * [translators](https://www.coursera.community/#gtc)
  * [blog](https://blog.coursera.org)
  * [tech blog](https://medium.com/coursera-engineering)
  * [teaching center](/teaching-center)

### more

  * [terms](/about/terms)
  * [privacy](/about/privacy)
  * [help](https://learner.coursera.help/hc)
  * [accessibility](https://learner.coursera.help/hc/en-us/articles/360050668591-accessibility-statement)
  * [press](/about/press)
  * [contact](/about/contact)
  * [articles](https://www.coursera.org/articles)
  * [directory](/directory)
  * [affiliates](https://about.coursera.org/affiliates)

learn anywhere

[![download on the app
store](https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/web/images/icons/download_on_the_app_store_badge_en.svg)](https://itunes.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id736535961?pt=2334150&ct=coursera%20web%20promo%20banner&mt=8)[![get it
on google
play](https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/web/images/icons/en_generic_rgb_wo_45.png)](http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.coursera.android)

â© 2021 coursera inc. all rights reserved.

  * [![coursera facebook](https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/api/utilities/v1/imageproxy/https://s3.amazonaws.com/coursera_assets/footer/facebook.png?auto=format%2ccompress&dpr=1&w=28&h=28)](https://www.facebook.com/coursera)
  * [![coursera linkedin](https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/api/utilities/v1/imageproxy/https://s3.amazonaws.com/coursera_assets/footer/linkedin.png?auto=format%2ccompress&dpr=1&w=28&h=28)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/coursera)
  * [![coursera twitter](https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/api/utilities/v1/imageproxy/https://s3.amazonaws.com/coursera_assets/footer/twitter.png?auto=format%2ccompress&dpr=1&w=28&h=28)](https://twitter.com/coursera)
  * [![coursera youtube](https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/api/utilities/v1/imageproxy/https://s3.amazonaws.com/coursera_assets/footer/youtube.png?auto=format%2ccompress&dpr=1&w=28&h=28)](https://www.youtube.com/user/coursera)
  * [![coursera instagram](https://d3njjcbhbojbot.cloudfront.net/api/utilities/v1/imageproxy/https://s3.amazonaws.com/coursera_assets/footer/instagram.png?auto=format%2ccompress&dpr=1&w=28&h=28)](https://www.instagram.com/coursera/)

