[](/ "dailymotion")

[ sign in ](/signin?urlback=%2flegal%2fprivacy)

[explore](/us) [library](/library)

create an account or sign in for a tailor-made video experience

sign up / sign in

[what to watch](/us)

categories

  *   *   *   *   * 
[all categories](/us/browse)

who to follow

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * [ terms of use ](/legal)
  * [ privacy policy ](/legal/privacy)
  * [ cookie policy ](/legal/cookiemanagement)
  * [ corporate information ](/legal/infos)
  * [ prohibited content policy ](/legal/prohibited)
  * [ content protection ](/legal/contentprotection)
  * [ child protection ](/legal/childprotection)
  * [ copyright notification ](/legal/copyright)
  * [ purchase of merchandise ](/legal/purchasemerchandise)

# dailymotion privacy policy

dailymotion respects your privacy and has developed this privacy policy (the “
**privacy policy** ”) to present our commitment to protecting your privacy and
to explain how we collect, use, and share personal data from or about you in
connection with your use of the dailymotion service (the “ **data** ”).

we encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully when using the
dailymotion service or transacting business with us.

if you reside in a country that is part of the [european economic
area](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area) (including in the
united kingdom), or switzerland (collectively referred to as “eea”), any
reference to " **dailymotion** ", " **we** ", " **us** ", or “ **our** ” in
this privacy policy will always refer to “dailymotion sa” whose details are
provided [here](/legal/infos).

if you reside in a country that is not part of the european economic area or
switzerland, any reference to “ **dailymotion** ”, “ **we** ”, “ **us** ”, or
“ **our** ” in this privacy policy will always refer to “ **dailymotion inc.**
” whose details are provided [here](/legal/infos).

**definitions**

the terms “ **dailymotion service** ” or “ **service** ” refer to the
following: the dailymotion principal website accessible at
[www.dailymotion.com](http://www.dailymotion.com) and at any of its local
versions (the “ **dailymotion site** ”), the dailymotion secondary websites (“
**secondary sites** ”), the dailymotion video player when it is embedded onto
any website (the "video player"), the dailymotion apps and web-apps (the “
**dailymotion applications** ”) as accessible via any current or future device
capable of distributing the dailymotion site and/or the video player, together
with any dailymotion products, content, channels, software, data feeds,
services and functionality.

in connection with its main activity as a content hosting platform,
dailymotion operates secondary sites addressed to professionals in the
advertising industry, such as software developers wanting to contribute to or
use the dailymotion apis, content right holders interested in the
dailymotion’s partner program, advertisers, media agencies and various actors
of the marketing sector who wish to learn more about our offering. all of the
secondary sites can be accessed from the dailymotion site but, due to the
particularity of their audience, may be subject to distinct terms of use. the
use of their visitors’ data is limited by the particular purpose of these
sites and is further explained in the dedicated section 9 of the present
privacy policy.

the term “ **commercial partner** ” refers to entities dailymotion may
cooperate with while carrying out its services. in particular, commercial
partners may include content editors, advertisers, media agencies and other
actors of the on-line marketing sector. dailymotion belongs to the [**vivendi
group**](https://www.vivendi.com/en/vivendi-en/vivendi-in-brief-2/) of
companies. some of the commercial partners may also be a part of the
[**vivendi group**](https://www.vivendi.com/en/vivendi-en/vivendi-in-brief-2/)
and thus will also be dailymotion’s affiliates.

the term “ **content** ” refers to videos available on the service.

the terms “ **personal data,** ” “ **data controller,** ” “ **joint
controller,** ” “ **data processor** ” and “ **processing** ” used in the
present privacy policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the [general
data protection regulation](https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-
content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:32016r0679&from=fr#d1e1874-1-1) (“ **gdpr** ”),
or unless, otherwise stated herein, under applicable local data protection
laws. personal data processed by dailymotion is referred to as “ **data** ”.

we encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully when using the
dailymotion service or transacting business with us.

  1. ## general information

    * 1.1. _dailymotion’s role in processing of personal data_

certain data from or about you may be collected or otherwise processed when
you use the dailymotion service, regardless of whether you do so as a viewer,
visitor, user, or member of the “ **partner program** ” (as defined in the
dailymotion [terms of use](/legal/terms?localization=en)).

if you reside in a country that is part of the [european economic
area](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area), the gdpr is
applicable to the collection of your personal data. if you reside outside of
the eea, local laws are applicable to such collection.

note that the laws applicable to further processing of your personal data
depend on your country of residency and that of an entity that uses your
personal data.

when dailymotion (or its data processors) process your data, we do so for the
purposes that we have defined and explained to you in the present privacy
policy and, if applicable laws require so, subject to existence of a valid
legal basis justifying such processing (e.g. your consent, legitimate
interest, contract execution, legal obligation). in such cases, dailymotion
acts in its role of a data controller. we may hire some service providers to
help us implement certain aspects of your data processing. in doing so, these
service providers act on our behalf following our instructions and thus are
considered our data processors.

in some cases, dailymotion and its commercial partners may process your
personal data together for joint purposes. under these circumstances,
dailymotion and these commercial partners act in their role of joint
controllers.

your personal data may also be processed by our commercial partners (or by
their respective data processors) for purposes that each of them defines
independently. it is the commercial partners who are data controllers for such
processing of your personal data; the role of dailymotion is limited to the
collection of consent on commercial partners’ behalf (if applicable),
transmission of collected consent to such commercial partners and providing
you with access to their respective privacy policies and consent management
mechanisms.

dailymotion may also participate in implementation of some personal data
processing operations carried out by our commercial partners. in such cases,
dailymotion acts in its role of a data processor while our commercial partners
remain data controllers.

    * 1.2. _legal basis for processing of personal data_

the gdpr provides several situations upon which dailymotion can rely for
processing of personal data, namely consent, contractual necessity, compliance
with a legal obligation, vital interests of data subjects, public interest or
legitimate interest. similarly, applicable laws may provide other or similar
legal bases, as explained further below in the country specific sections.

when processing of your personal data requires your consent, we ask you to
communicate your consent either via a positive action (e.g. by activating
“accept” button on our site, secondary site or video player) or via an
explicit decision for each of the purposes your consent is being collected
for, in accordance with applicable laws.

dailymotion participates in the [“transparency & consent
framework”](https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/) (“ **tcf**
”), developed by the [interactive advertising bureau
(iab)](https://iabeurope.eu/about-us/) and complies with its specifications
and policies. we operate a tcf-compliant consent management platform (iab /
tcf identification number 105) for the consent collection and management for
dailymotion’s and our commercial partners’ data processing activities in
connection with dailymotion service and, in general, for the communication of
user consent information to our commercial partners. dailymotion is also
registered with the iab as a vendor (iab / tcf identification number 573).

you can always choose not to consent to processing of some of your data,
withdraw your consent, or oppose such processing (unless the applicable laws
authorize or require us not to take into account such decision) as further
explained herein. however, this may limit your ability to take full advantage
of the many features we offer, including features that are needed for our
service to operate as it is intended to and, consequently, seriously
deteriorate your user experience. if you do not agree to the collection and
use of data needed for our service to operate at its optimal capacities, we
strongly advise you not to use dailymotion service as we will not be capable
of providing you with the high quality service you may expect from us. __

    * 1.3. _transfer of data_

the data collected by us through our service may be sent to and stored on
servers located in the united states, france, and other countries around the
world.

we ensure that legally required, appropriate contractual or other mechanisms
are present prior to transfers of data outside of the eea.

  2. ## data we collect

we may collect personal data that can identify you directly, such as your name
and email address, and other information that does not identify you directly.
this section explains what personal data we collect and how we collect such
information.

    * 2.1. _categories of data we collect_
      * 2.1.1 **data you provide to us**

we collect personal data you provide to us when you interact with the
dailymotion service, including when you sign up for an account, upload
content, create a playlist or share a playlist with others. for instance, when
you register to use the dailymotion service, we may collect your name, email
address, birth date, gender, and other similar information. if you are a
member of the dailymotion partner program, dailymotion may also collect your
payment information, such as your address, bank account details and
authentication information, as well as billing, shipping and contact details.
note that we do not collect your credit card details. in addition, dailymotion
may collect information you provide to us when you respond to surveys, set
your preferences on the dailymotion service, directly contact dailymotion
through the [dailymotion help center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new?) or by other means, or agree to participate in promotions
that dailymotion may offer from time to time. dailymotion also allows multiple
profiles to be set up under one account, so we may collect information you
provide to us if you create such profiles.

      * 2.1.2 **usage and log data**

we collect information when you use the dailymotion service or view
dailymotion ads outside of the dailymotion service. we may also collect
information from or about the computers, phones, tablets, or other devices
where you install dailymotion applications or otherwise access the dailymotion
service, depending on the permissions you have granted. examples of this
information may include your ip address, device id number, settings of the
browser and software you use (such as type and version of an operating system
or its language settings), activity on the dailymotion service including
information about the videos you watch on the service (e.g. video titles and
categories), about the ads you are being shown and your interaction with them,
the frequency and duration of your activities, page views, referral urls,
network state, and carrier information.

      * 2.1.3 **account and profile data from third-party services**

if you choose to log-in, access or otherwise connect to the dailymotion
service or contact dailymotion through a third-party service (e.g. facebook),
such method being completely optional and subject to your exclusive decision,
we may, in order to execute your choice of a log-in or contact method, collect
your user id and user name associated with that third-party service as well as
any other information you make public using that service. we may also collect
information you have authorized the third-party service to share with us (such
as, for example, your user id, billing information, public profile
information, email address, birthday, and profile data).

      * 2.1.4 **third-party data**

we may, if you authorized such third parties to share such information with us
or if we believe that such sharing is in conformity with the applicable laws,
receive from them or share with them information about you originating from
other sources, such as data aggregators, public databases, and our commercial
partners, be it [affiliated](https://www.vivendi.com/vivendi/vivendi-en-
bref-2/) or unaffiliated entities. shared data (whether identified,
pseudonymized or anonymous and whether collected online or offline) may
include information about your interests, demographic data, purchasing
behavior, and your online activities (such as websites you have visited and/or
advertisements you have viewed).

we may combine the shared information with the information we collect from or
about you and use it in the manner described in section 3 of the privacy
policy or as otherwise permitted by law.

    * 2.2. _how the data is collected_

like many online services, we use, directly or via our subcontractors, various
technologies to collect usage data and store your user settings. the data thus
collected helps us propose, protect and improve the dailymotion service and to
personalize your user experience by adapting the content and advertising to
your taste.

despite a variety of the actual measures deployed, the various technologies
used to collect data are commonly referred to as “ **cookies** ” and their use
is regulated by “cookie laws.” whenever the applicable laws subject the use of
cookies to user consent, dailymotion asks for your consent prior to their use.

a “cookie” is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard
disk. a cookie life is limited to its purpose and does not, in general, exceed
13 months. a cookie expires upon the end of its validity period. a cookie may
be deleted before the end of its validity period if you or the technologies
you use (e.g. your operating system) do so. the different categories of
cookies and assimilated technologies we use are further described below.

      *  **\- cookies and local storage**

we may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to offer you a high
quality service, better understand how you interact with the dailymotion
service or with marketing material advertising the dailymotion service outside
of our service; to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic
routing on the dailymotion service; to customize content and advertising; to
respect the rights of the content rights holders or that of advertisers and to
be in conformity with obligations imposed by applicable laws. we may create a
unique device or user id (“ **service id** ”) for you and store it in a cookie
so we can customize your experience based on your preferences. these uses
allow us to create a better experience for you on the dailymotion service.

we may collect information through other kinds of local storage (also referred
to as "flash cookies") and html5 local storage, including in connection with
features such as volume/mute settings for the video player. these technologies
are sometimes referred to as "browser cookies" even though they may be stored
in different parts of your computer.

most internet browsers automatically accept cookies. by changing your browser
settings, you can instruct your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt
you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. for further
information on disabling cookies or deleting information contained in cookies
in general, please click [here](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-
player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html). please note that disabling
cookies or deleting information contained in cookies or flash cookies may
interfere with the performance and features of the dailymotion service,
including the video player. for example, we may not be able to store your
preferences (such as the language to be used by the service) or login
information (such as keeping your connection session active thus allowing you
to be automatically recognized by the services when you repeatedly access
dailymotion service on the same device) or customize the content and
advertising to your online viewing habits.

      *  **\- web beacons, pixels and other trackers**

in addition to cookies, we may use other similar technologies such as web
beacons or pixel tags, which can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails.
these technologies are mainly used to learn whether you have viewed a
particular web page, ad, or email message; and determine other usage details
including the time and date on which you viewed content, the ip address of
your computer, and the url of the web page from which the content was viewed.

      *  **\- mobile device identifiers and software development kits ("sdks")**

we may use or work with third parties, including our commercial partners and
service providers, who use mobile sdks to collect information such as
advertising identifiers (e.g., "ad-id" or "idfa") and information related to
how mobile devices interact with the dailymotion service. an sdk is computer
code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown,
data to be collected and related services and functionality to be implemented
(a mobile sdk is a mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon, described
above). for instance, we may use this technology to analyze how you interact
with content and advertisements and to enable analytics or other features
through mobile devices.

the uses of these various technologies, notably in connection with advertising
on the dailymotion service, are further explained in section 3 below.

to learn more about our cookie management rules we invite you to read our
[cookie policy](/en/legal/cookiemanagement). you may, at any time, manage your
cookie settings and chose the purposes for which you consent to or refuse use
of the cookies by accessing the “ **[manage cookies](/legal/consent)** ”
section available on our service.

  3. ## purposes for data processing

    * 3.1. _purposes for which data is processed by dailymotion_
      * 3.1.1. **general**

we receive or collect data, either directly or via our service providers,
because we are passionate about creating an engaging and relevant experience
for our users, and in order to ensure that the rights of content right holders
and advertisers are respected. we may also share some of your data with
dailymotion’s affiliated companies ([vivendi group
companies](https://www.vivendi.com/en/vivendi-en/vivendi-in-brief-2/)) or with
other commercial partners to better understand what you may be interested in.

we use all of the legitimately collected or received information to help us
provide and support the dailymotion service with a first-class user experience
that is adapted to each user’s tastes, as varied as they may be. the way we
actually use the data about you depends on how you use the dailymotion
service.

      * 3.1.2. **purposes for which data is processed**

dailymotion may process the data for the following purposes :

        *  **\- provide, improve and develop the dailymotion service**. we are able to deliver the service, personalize the content and advertisements, evaluate the quality of our platform and the content and make customized recommendations for you by using data collected on our service. we analyze that data to understand how you use and interact with the dailymotion service and discover the things you’re interested in on and off our service and ultimately provide you with the best user experience we can offer. for example, we collect your authentication data to allow you to connect to your account, and we collect information on your language setting preferences to provide you with the dailymotion service in the language of your choice. we may conduct surveys and research, test features in development and analyze the information that we have in order to evaluate and improve our existing products and services, develop new offerings or features and conduct maintenance and troubleshooting activities.

        *  **communicate with you**. we may use your data to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about the dailymotion service and update you about our policies and terms. we also may use your information to respond to you when you contact us, or for any other purpose that is disclosed to you at the time we collect the data or that is related to a request made by you or related to you. to learn about opting out of promotional communications, please see the information we have provided in section 9 below (“your rights & opting-out”).

        *  **show and adapt ads**. dailymotion offers its users the opportunity to watch numerous videos without charging any fee in return. such free of charge service can only be possible thanks to the presence of advertisements. we may use data we have, including information received from our commercial partners, to evaluate and improve our advertising and analytics systems so that the ads shown to you on and off our services are customized and of real interest to you. we also use data to limit the quantity of advertisements you are shown on our service to allow you to fully enjoy the content. by processing some of your data we also measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services. your data may be shared with our commercial partners to inform them about your decision whether or not to allow processing of your personal data and, if you agreed, to allow them to estimate whether the products or service for which they run advertising campaigns may be of interest to you. to learn about opting out of interest-based or online behavioral advertising, please see the information we have provided in section 8 below ("your rights & opting-out") or exercise your choices via dailymotion’s “ [manage cookies](/legal/consent)” section available on our service.

        *  **pay you**. if you are a member of the dailymotion partner program, we use your billing information, such as your billing address or payment methods details, to proceed with payment of sums generated under our partner program monetization features. if you choose a third-party payment method, we will communicate to the payment service provider of your choice all information necessary to process due payments and may receive from such payment service provider the receiving account details and related payment confirmations. the exact information communicated or received depend on the payment service provider chosen, the payable amounts and then-current requirements of laws and regulations applicable to financial transactions. note that we do not use or otherwise access your credit card information.

        *  **your geographic location**. we may collect your device’s location data (limited to the city level only). this information not only allows us to serve you content related to your local area, such as local news and sports videos, but enables us to ensure the respect of content geo-restrictions imposed by the content right holders. this data may also be used to tailor advertising to you based on your location by, for example, not showing you ads for services unavailable at your location. 

        * **elaborate aggregated or anonymized statistics**. we may “de-identify” information about you and/or other users, which means that the data is modified (anonymized or aggregated with other information) so it no longer personally identifies you. we may then use this “de-identified” information for any legitimate internal and external business purpose, including for research and analysis of the dailymotion service, improving our capacity to deliver customized advertisements, and for promoting our service to future users, commercial partners and other business partners.

        *  **ensure safety and security of dailymotion service and its conformity with applicable laws**. we may use the data to ensure the security of our service and anti-fraud protection. our dedicated engineering teams do so by using automated procedures and advances technologies such as data encryption and machine learning. consequently, your data may be processed as part of investigation of suspicious account activities or violations of our legal terms and policies. in conformity with our legal obligations, dailymotion maintains connections logs linked to each user’s account activities and communicates them, if requested to do so pursuant to applicable legal procedures, to duly authorized public authorities.

    * 3.2. _purposes for which data is processed by our commercial partners_

when you watch content or ads on the dailymotion service our commercial
partners may process, either directly or via their respective subcontractors,
information about you and your use of our service. they may use this
information, including in combination with other data they have access to, in
order to adapt content and ads that may be shown to you on our and on third
parties’ services. while doing so, our commercial partners process your
personal data in their capacity as data controllers and follow privacy
policies that are their own.

your data may be disclosed to or shared with our commercial partners. in
particular, we and our [affiliated
companies](https://www.vivendi.com/en/vivendi-en/vivendi-in-brief-2/).
(vivendi group companies) may share the information we have about you. we do
so for a common purpose - in order to learn more about your tastes and offer
you more personalized services, products and ads

when disclosed data is used by a commercial partner for its own purposes, it
is that commercial partner who is a data controller for the processing it
undertakes.

dailymotion works with a large number of [commercial
partners](https://www.dailymotion.com/files/static/list_dailymotion_commercial_partners.pdf).
the list of dailymotion comercial partners is published on our service and may
be consulted at all times from within the “ **[manage
cookies](/legal/consent)** ” section. note that it does not mean that when you
watch a video on our service all of these commercial partners process your
personal data. only the commercial partners (or their technical service
providers) involved in posting the ads shown to you or publishing content that
you watch on dailymotion service process your data. the identity of our
commercial partners who actually process your data depends on the content and
ads you watch on our service.

as a data controller, each commercial partner determines the purpose for which
it wishes to process your personal data. these purposes may include the
development, improvement and delivery of their services, audience and service
analytics, personalization and adaptation to your centers of interest of their
content, commercial offerings and ads, whether on or outside of the
dailymotion service, conformity with their respective contractual and legal
obligations, such as, for example, geographic restrictions of their content
exploitation rights, calculation of applicable fees or anti-fraud measures.

when our commercial partners’ collection (via the use of cookies or access to
you your device) or processing of your personal data depends on your consent,
dailymotion does ask you for such consent on behalf of our commercial
partners. consequently, you may, at all times, manage your consent and
indicate the purposes you choose to consent or not to consent to by exercising
your choice on the “ **[manage cookies](/legal/consent)** ” section available
on our service. you may also exercise your right directly by following a link
to each of the commercial partners’ respective privacy policies as indicated
within the [commercial partners
list](https://www.dailymotion.com/files/static/list_dailymotion_commercial_partners.pdf).

note that refusing the use of your personal data for ad-targeting purposes
will not block advertisements. you will still see ads, but they will be less
pertinent to your interests.

if you wish to learn more about the purposes for which our commercial partners
process your personal data and the legal basis such processing is based on, we
advise you to read their respective privacy policies accessible via links
listed within the [commercial partners
list](https://www.dailymotion.com/files/static/list_dailymotion_commercial_partners.pdf).
for reasons inherent to the dynamic character of the online activities, this
list of dailymotion commercial partners may evolve and is subject to changes.
the list will be updated periodically, and we invite you to consult it
regularly for the most up-to-date information.

  4. ## data recipients

we may share personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable
information collected from or about you with third parties, as explained
further below (“ **data recipients** ”). we require such data recipients to
adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with
this privacy policy and the agreements that we may enter into with them.

    * 4.1. _social networking and single sign-on services_

when you choose to share information with social networking services or single
sign-on services about your activities on the dailymotion service, such as
videos you watched or “ **liked** ” on dailymotion service, such information
about you and your activities is shared with that social network or single
sign-on service.

 ** _sharing with facebook or google_**. if you connect to dailymotion through
your facebook or google accounts you may choose to share information about
your activities on the dailymotion service with facebook or google and their
users, by, for example, publishing on facebook or google information about the
videos you watch on dailymotion. furthermore, if you visit dailymotion while
logged-in to facebook or google, then those entities may record your browser
details and combine technical information from your web browser with other
information that each of them already knows about you. your decision to share
information about your activities on the dailymotion service within your
facebook or google profile may result in dailymotion sending relevant
information about you to facebook or google. facebook or google may then make
that information visible to their respective users in accordance with
applicable law, their own data and privacy policies, and your facebook or
google privacy settings. we recommend you familiarize yourself with facebook’s
and google’s respective data and privacy policies and available account
privacy controls. we remind you that dailymotion is independent from these
third-party companies and that any privacy settings you might have chosen on
the dailymotion service are not applicable on facebook, google or any other
social network account.

    * 4.2. _commercial partners_

we work with a number of commercial partners who help us offer and improve the
dailymotion service. such commercial partners include, for example, our
content programmers, distributors, and other actors of the digital industry.
we may disclose information collected from or about you to such commercial
partners (or their authorized service providers) when we are legally
authorized to do so, but such disclosure is always accompanied by appropriate
technical, organizational or contractual measures aimed at ensuring the
integrity and security of your information (e.g., aggregation, anonymization,
etc.).

in particular, we may share information, generally in the aggregated,
encrypted or anonymized form, about you with advertisers and advertising-
related service providers. some data needs to be shared for technical reasons
(e.g., to deliver advertising videos on your screen). some data is shared in
order to make ads relevant and interesting to you or measure and improve the
effectiveness of advertising campaigns. this information includes data on your
digital identifiers, devices used or online activities in relation to your use
of the dailymotion service, such as the websites you have visited and
advertisements you have viewed. for example, we may tell an advertiser how its
ads performed, or how many people viewed its ads or installed an app after
seeing an ad, or provide non-personally identifying demographic information
(such as a female between 25 and 30 years of age, living in new york) to these
advertisers to help them understand their audience or customers, but only
after the advertiser has agreed to abide by strict confidentiality
obligations. note that we do not share directly identifiable information about
you (such as your email address) with advertisers and advertising-related
service providers.

    * 4.3. _service providers_

like most companies, we contract third parties to provide specialized services
for us. we may share some of your data with our service providers who provide
us with specialized technical solutions, who are billing facilitators (e.g.
paypal or payoneer), or who help us analyze and process data (e.g. provide
analytic software helping us to improve ads relevancy), mange user accounts,
host our websites and content, provide customer support, marketing tools
(emails, on-line communication and letters) or otherwise assist us with
provisions of the dailymotion service.

our service providers commit to confidentiality obligations in conformity with
the present privacy policy and contracts we sign with them.

    * 4.4. _audience measurement providers_

our commercial partners, such as content providers and advertisers, seek to
measure the performance of their videos across many platforms, including the
dailymotion service. accordingly, dailymotion may use and permit the use on
its service of independent, industry-standard, third-party measurement
software (e.g. nielsen or comscore) that enables us or our business partners
to include your video views in our or their measurement statistics. we may
also share our own usage statistics, in anonymized or aggregated form, with
these business partners.

to learn more about your choices with respect to audience measurement
software, please see the information we have provided in section 9 ("your
rights & opting-out").

    * 4.5. _public authorities and legal counsel_

in some instances, we may be required to disclose information from or about
you to public authorities or legal counsel without providing you with notice
or giving you the opportunity to consent. we may disclose your information in
good-faith to protect the legal rights of dailymotion, our affiliates or
commercial partners, and each of our respective equity holders, directors,
officers, employees, agents, and business partners; to protect the safety and
security of our users of the or of third parties; to enforce our [terms of
use](/legal); to protect against fraud; for risk management purposes; and to
comply with or respond to the law, a legal process, or a request for
cooperation by a government entity. however, it is dailymotion’s policy,
whenever reasonably possible and legally permissible, to promptly notify you
upon receipt of a subpoena or court order requesting your data and to not
produce your data until after receipt of such subpoena or court order, so that
you will have adequate opportunity to initiate appropriate legal proceedings.

furthermore, if you notify us that you believe your legal rights have been
violated by dailymotion or another user of the dailymotion service, we may
provide the data that you provide to us to others to the extent that we
believe it is necessary to evaluate and respond to your complaint.

    * 4.6. _third parties in connection with certain transactions_

if we sell all or part of our business, make a transfer of assets, or are
otherwise involved in a change-of-control transaction, or in the event of
bankruptcy, we may transfer information from or about you to one or more third
parties as part of the transaction, including as part of the due diligence
process. please note that in such a case your data would be shared only as an
integral part of the dailymotion service and not sold or transferred
separately from the service to third parties.

    * 4.7. _parties you consented or when you otherwise choose to share your data_

in addition to the sharing described in this privacy policy, we may share any
information from or about you with any party when we have your consent or when
you otherwise choose to share such information. also, certain functions within
the dailymotion service may give you the option to share information about
your dailymotion activities, for example, by email, text message, social
networking, or other sharing function.

  5. ## data security and account access

    * 5.1. _data security_

the security of your data is important to us. our goal is to make you feel
confident and safe when using the dailymotion service.

we use a variety of physical, technical, and administrative measures to
safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized
use, disclosure, and modification. for example, we take steps to limit access
to sensitive information from or about you to only those dailymotion
employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to
access such information. we also use measures like encryption and hashing to
help protect sensitive information when in transmission, and firewalls to help
prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your personal data. we
also use techniques such as data aggregation to render it more difficult to
link and trace information to you.

despite these efforts, there is always a possibility that a breach in data
transmission or storage may occur. we want you to feel confident in our
security when using the dailymotion service, but we cannot guarantee the
absolute security of data at all times. we advise you to exercise caution and,
in particular, to use a unique password for your dailymotion account, i.e. a
password that you do not use for any other service you have an account with
(which could prevent, in the event your dailymotion password confidentiality
is breached, unauthorized access to these other accounts), to change your
password if you suspect its fraudulent use and contact us if you notice any
suspicious activities on your dailymotion account.

    * 5.2. _account access_

if you have an online account with us, your personal data can be reviewed
online from within your account settings. you can also update that information
either via the account settings or by contacting us (see section 10.6 “
**contact us** ” for more details).

your account is unique to you and protected by a user-generated password. we
advise you to choose a unique and complex password, not to disclose it to
third parties, and change it if you have any doubts as to its confidentiality.
do not hesitate to contact us if you observe any suspicious activity on your
account.

please note that if you allow others to use your account (including by
authorizing others to set up profiles within your account), they may be able
to view information about your account (e.g. your email address) or any of the
profiles created within your account (e.g. videos you have viewed). you should
exercise caution while handling and disclosing your personal data on our
service and avoid sending it through insecure email. please refer to the
[federal trade commission’s
website](https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/privacy-identity-online-security)
at for further information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.

  6. ## data retention

data is stored electronically on dailymotion’s servers or with our cloud
service providers and is kept only as long as necessary for the purposes set
out in the present privacy policy or as otherwise required by applicable laws.

we have a legal obligation to store some data, such as information associated
with the identity of an account holder (retained for a period of one year
following the deletion of an account) or invoicing details. if you ask us to
delete your data, provided that its retention is not required or expressly
authorized by the applicable laws, the data is deleted or anonymized and used
for statistical purposes only. please note that you may always exercise your
right to erase your personal data stored in our system pursuant to the
conditions set out in section 9 below.

  7. ## youth restrictions and parental control

children who are under the legal age in their country of residence to enter
into an agreement with a digital service provider are defined in this privacy
policy as “ **juniors** ” and are not permitted to register with dailymotion,
i.e. are not allowed to open an account with our service.

the age limit that determines whether a person is a junior is defined by the
laws applicable in your country of residence and generally varies from 13 to
16 years of age.

in addition, juniors should not use or access our service without the
involvement and consent of a parent or guardian.

dailymotion service is intended for the general public. it does not
specifically cater to any specific age or interest group. when you visit our
service, we do not know your age. despite lacking that knowledge, we have
designed some service features protecting young audiences. in particular, a
parental control is activated by default when using our service.

if you are the parent or legal guardian of a junior, and that child has
somehow registered with dailymotion without your approval and contrary to our
terms and conditions, please contact dailymotion’s support team, available
24/7 through the [dailymotion help center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new) to initiate an account deletion procedure. when submitting
your request, please provide us with a sworn statement confirming that you are
either a parent exercising full parental rights or a legal guardian of the
child and indicate your full name and address, the child's full name and
address, your relationship to the child and your email address. dailymotion
will use this information only to process your request and verify that you are
the child's parent or legal guardian, and for no other purposes.

  8. ## your rights & opting -out

    * 8.1. _general_

depending on your country of residence, you may be entitled to access, correct
and/or delete the data you have provided to us, by requesting to do so through
the setting of your account, or by reaching out to the [dailymotion help
center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) via the dedicated
section. any such request needs to be accompanied by a copy of your id in
order to allow us to confirm that you are the data subject or otherwise a
person authorized to exercise these rights. depending on the content of your
request you may be asked to provide further documents as needed to confirm
conformity of your request with legal requirements and identify the personal
data to which the request pertains.

    * 8.2. _change of privacy settings for promotional communications_

you may decide not to receive promotional communications from dailymotion by
accessing your account and clicking on "manage email notifications." you may
also communicate to us your decision not to receive promotional communications
by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in a particular promotional message.

note that you cannot opt out from receiving all communications from
dailymotion, including administrative messages, service announcements, and
messages regarding the terms and conditions of your account because those may
contain important information necessary to using the dailymotion service.

you can choose to receive push notifications from dailymotion on your device.
if you do not wish to receive push notifications, you can use your device’s
settings to turn them off.

    * 8.3. _options for third-party online behavioral or interest-based advertising on websites (including mobile websites)_

dailymotion offers its users the ability to make choices about the use of
their information for ad targeting. to learn more and exercise your ad
preferences on dailymotion, please refer to our cookie settings section
available on the dailymotion service or access the [manage
cookies](/legal/consent) section

some of the third parties that collect or participate in the collection of
information from or about you on the dailymotion service in order to provide
more relevant advertising to you participate in the daa self-regulatory
program for online behavioral advertising. this program offers a centralized
forum where users can declare their choices about the use of their information
for online behavioral advertising. to learn more and to make choices about the
use of your information for online behavioral advertising on websites, please
click [here](http://optout.aboutads.info/?lang=en&c=2#!/). please note that if
you exclude online behavioral advertising using this method, this choice will
only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out.

in addition, some of these third parties may be members of the network
advertising initiative ("nai"), a cooperative of online marketing companies
that offers a centralized tool for opting out of interest-based advertising
delivered by each of its member companies. if you would like to obtain more
information about interest-based advertising and the nai and make choices
about their members’ use of information from or about you on websites, please
click [here](https://www.networkadvertising.org/). please note that if you
exclude interest-based advertising using this method, this choice will only
apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out.

    * 8.4. _options for third-party online behavioral or interest-based advertising within mobile applications_

you can define your preferences regarding the use of your information or ad
targeting within mobile apps by accessing a cookie preference module available
directly within the settings of dailymotion’s mobile applications.

some of the third parties that collect or participate in the collection of
information from or about you on the dailymotion service in order to provide
more relevant advertising to you within mobile applications participate in the
daa self-regulatory program for online behavioral advertising. this program
offers a mobile application called the "appchoices," which provides a
centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their
information for online behavioral advertising within the mobile application
environment. the appchoices application can be downloaded from your mobile
device at [www.aboutads.info/appchoices](http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices)
or from your device’s app store. please note that if you exclude online
behavioral advertising using this method, this choice will only apply to the
mobile device you used to do so.

you may also exercise your choices by accessing your device settings and
selecting "limit ad tracking" (for ios devices) or "opt out of interest-based
ads" (for android devices), which will allow you to limit our use of
information collected from or about your mobile device (such as precise
location data) for the purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to
you.

    * 8.5. _additional information for residents in the eea_

individuals located in the european economic area, have certain statutory
rights in relation to their data. subject to statutory exemptions, you have
the right to request access to your personal data, as well as update,
deletion, correction or transfer of this information. you can do this by using
the settings and tools provided in your dailymotion account. if you encounter
troubles using the settings and tools, or if you do not have a dailymotion
account, reach out to the [dailymotion help
center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us) via the dedicated section or
send a letter to the attention of our data protection officer at the following
address: 140 boulevard malesherbes - 75017 paris, france. please include
within your request a copy of your id and information about your country of
residence, along with any information allowing us to identify your account on
the dailymotion service.

depending on the content of your request you may be asked to provide further
documents as needed to confirm conformity of your request with legal
requirements and to identify the personal data to which the request pertains.

furthermore, you are entitled to define and communicate to us rules applicable
to your data upon your death.

note that, in compliance with applicable laws, some of your data may not be
communicated, rectified or deleted despite your request to do so.

furthermore, dailymotion inc., in conformity with the privacy shield
principles, undertakes to process any complaints related to its processing of
personal data of swiss or eea residents. if you wish to file such a complaint,
please reach out to the [dailymotion help
center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us) via the dedicated “your personal
data” section or send a letter to the attention of our data protection officer
at the following address: dailymotion inc. p/o dailymotion sa, 140 boulevard
malesherbes - 75017 paris, france. please include within your request a copy
of your id, information about your country of residence, and any information
allowing us to identify your account on the dailymotion service. dailymotion
inc. will reply to you within 30 days.

if you are not satisfied with the final dailymotion inc. decision regarding
your complaint, you may use the other appeal venues defined in the privacy
shield. in particular, upon exhaustion of the appeal rights with dailymotion
inc. you may file your complaint with the entity declared by dailymotion with
the privacy shield as competent for dispute resolution purposes, and if not
satisfied with that entity’s decision, use the arbitration procedure provided
for under the privacy shield. for further information on applicable procedures
please visit the [privacy shield web
site](https://www.privacyshield.gov/program-overview) .

please note that at the date of publication of the current update of this
privacy policy, dailymotion inc. is registered with privacy shield and has
designated the eu data protection authorities or the swiss fdpic, as
applicable, as the entities competent for dispute resolution purposes under
the privacy shield proceedings.

you may regularly verify dailymotion inc.’s self-certification with the
privacy shield by consulting the list of privacy shield participants which may
be found [here](https://www.privacyshield.gov/list).

    * 8.6. _additional choices for california residents_
      * 8.6.1. **personal data processing information under the california consumer protection act (“ccpa”)**
        * 8.6.1.a. **general**

if you are a california resident, in addition to any other information you may
find in this privacy policy, this section is intended to provide you with
specific information required under the california consumer protection act (“
**ccpa** ”). in particular, this section describes dailymotion’s practices
regarding the collection, use, disclosure and sale of consumers’ personal
information (hereafter referred to as “ **pi** ”) and includes an explanation
of your rights regarding your own pi.

note that rights and obligations provided under the ccpa take effect on 1st
january 2020. if you decide to exercise any of such rights your request will
be considered as of that date.

the terms “ **personal information,** ” “ **business,** ” “ **third party** ”
and “ **service provider** ” used in this section have the same meanings as
defined in the
[ccpa](https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billtextclient.xhtml?bill_id=201720180ab375).

if you have an account with dailymotion, we identify you by the email address
you use to log-in. however, if you do not have an account, in most cases, we
rely on a unique online identifier to identify and recognize you.

when you access our service, a dailymotion cookie (i.e. a small text file) is
dropped on your device’s browser. this cookie creates a unique online id
specific to the dailymotion service and allows us to recognize you when you
visit us again (“ **service id** ”). if you use different devices or different
internet browsers to access our service (and unless you do so as a logged-in
user, in which case we might be able to recognize you regardless of the device
or browser used), you are assigned a different service id for each of your
device/ browser combinations. in other words, if you first accessed the
dailymotion service using internet explorer on your laptop, but then visited
it on your phone using chrome you will appear to us as two distinct users.
unless you access the dailymotion service as a logged-in user, any information
that we might have about you is attached to that service id.

due to legal rules applicable to our activities, the lifespan of our cookies
is limited to 13 months. once the 13-month period comes to an end, the
dailymotion cookie storing your service id expires. if you continue to use our
service, a new dailymotion cookie will be dropped on your browser and a new
service id will be assigned to you.

as already mentioned in this privacy policy, we do not cross-reference service
ids that are assigned to you on our service. unless you are a logged-in user
(in which case we may recognize you regardless of the number of service ids
created for you, and we process your requests in relation to all personal data
linked to your account), each new service id represents to us a new user. for
that reason, if you decide to exercise any of your ccpa rights, your decision
will only be applied to the service id we recognize you under. in particular,
if you use the dailymotion service on several devices or internet browsers,
your decision to opt-out of the sale of your pi needs to be expressed on each
such device or browser.

8.6.1.b. **collected personal information: categories, sources and the
business or commercial purposes it is used for.**

we may obtain your pi either from you (directly or indirectly) or from our
service providers or our affiliates. we receive your pi directly from you when
you create an account or otherwise communicate with us or interact with our
service. we collect or generate information about you when you use our
service. your pi may be shared with and by our affiliates if you use their
services.

note that in order to enable the delivery of ads, certain pi may be disclosed
to us by advertising partners wishing to advertise on our service or by
service providers we work with in the operation of the service.

the following categories of pi may be collected by us from or about you and
used for the below-listed purposes:

category of pi| example of pi| purpose the pi is collected for| source the pi
is collected from| categories of third parties with whom pi may be shared  
---|---|---|---|---  
identifiers| a real name, alias, postal address, service id, third party
online identifier, ip address, email address, account name, a copy of official
id, or other similar identifiers| to comply with a legal obligation. to
achieve our business purposes| you; either directly or indirectly  
  
our service providers  
  
our affiliates | advertising networks companies, data analytics services
providers, governmental entities,  
  
our affiliates  
commercial information| revenues generated, payment method details for
payments made by us (to the exclusion of credit card details) | to comply with
a legal obligation, to achieve our business purposes| you, indirectly
(information generated by us based on your content activity)  
  
our service providers | content right holders, governmental entities, payment
solution services providers, our affiliates  
internet or other electronic network activity information| browsing history,
search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an
internet web site, application, or advertisement| to comply with a legal
obligation, to achieve our business purposes| you; indirectly  
  
our service providers  
  
our affiliates | advertising networks companies, data analytics providers,
governmental entities, our affiliates  
geolocation data| ip address | to comply with a legal obligation, to achieve
our business purposes| you, indirectly| advertising networks companies, data
analytics providers, governmental entities  
electronic information| device used, language and other settings, operating
system| | you, indirectly  
  
our service providers  
  
our affiliates| advertising networks companies, data analytics providers, our
affiliates  
inferences drawn from pi to create your profile| user segments based on your
deduced geographic location, age and/or viewing preferences| to achieve our
business purposes| you, indirectly (information generated by us based on your
activities)  
  
our affiliates | advertising networks companies, data analytics providers,
content right holders, our affiliates.  
  
note that the dailymotion service is an advertising-based content hosting
platform. our business purposes include enabling you to use your dailymotion
account, selecting content and ads showed to you on the dailymotion service,
delivering and monitoring the platform, processing payments that may be due to
content editors, using data analytics services aimed at improving our
commercial offer and providing required reporting to content editors and
advertisers, ensuring security and preventing fraud, providing customer
support and ensuring our compliance with legal or industry standard rules.

the pi we collect may be shared with our affiliates, or with (i) advertising
partners participating in the delivery of ads on the dailymotion service (e.g.
advertisers, media agencies), (ii) service providers (data analytics
services), and, (iii) if required so by applicable laws, with certain public
authorities. when we share your pi, we only do so to the extent needed to
achieve our business purposes or to comply with the applicable laws or
regulations.

        * 8.6.1.c. **categories of collected personal information that might be disclosed or sold to third parties**

the ccpa defines the “ **sale** ” of pi as any communication of a consumer’s
pi by a business to another business or a third party for monetary or other
valuable consideration.

dailymotion does not engage in data brokerage nor knowingly sells pi of minors
under 16 years of age. as part of our regular business activities (i.e.
operating an online service offering access to videos and displaying ads),
your pi may be disclosed to companies we cooperate with. these companies may
use such information to help us conduct our business activities (in doing so,
they are our service providers), as well as for their own business purposes.
if they do use your pi for their own business activities, our disclosure of
your pi amounts to its sale.

in addition, our advertising partners collect pi, such as digital identifiers
(e.g. online identifiers, ip address), activity history (how you interact with
their ads) and electronic information, when you use our service and are shown
their ads. that information is used to deliver, analyze and tailor ads you see
on our service or elsewhere. to tailor ads that may be more relevant to you,
we or our commercial partners may share it with third parties.

if you do not want us to sell your pi, you may decide to opt-out as further
explained below in section 8.6.1.e.

the following categories of pi may be disclosed or sold by us:

category of pi| can the pi be disclosed? if so, for what purpose?| can the pi
be sold? if so, for what purpose?  
---|---|---  
identifiers | yes, to comply with a legal obligation, to achieve our business
purposes| yes: to tailor, deliver and analyze the delivery of ads and content
to you on our service and on third parties’ services  
commercial information| yes, to comply with a legal obligation or to achieve
our business purposes| no  
internet or other electronic network activity information| yes, to achieve our
business purposes| yes: to tailor, deliver and analyze the delivery of ads and
content to you on our service and on third parties’ services  
geolocation data| yes, to achieve our business purposes| yes, limited to city-
level localization information based on your ip address: to tailor, deliver
and analyze the delivery of ads and content to you on our service and on third
parties’ services  
inferences drawn from pi to create your profile| yes, to achieve our business
purposes| yes: to tailor, deliver and analyze the delivery of ads and content
to you on our service and on third parties’ services  
        * 8.6.1.d. **california consumers rights**

if you are a california resident, you have the right to request access to or
deletion of your pi that we have in our records and which were collected or
otherwise obtained during the 12-month period preceding your request. you also
have the right to instruct us not to sell your pi to third parties.

you may exercise any of these rights either directly or through an authorized
representative. if you wish to make a request regarding your pi via an
authorized agent, you must provide this agent with your written permission,
which is to be submitted to dailymotion together with copies of your and your
agent’s official ids at the time of filing a request. we may ask for
additional documents or information if we judge them necessary to verify the
agent’s authority to act on your behalf, the extent of the authorizations you
have granted and to identify your pi.

your choice to exercise any of the above-listed rights will not result in any
discriminatory treatment.

        * 8.6.1.e. **right to opt-out from sale of personal information**

you have the right to “ **opt-out** ” of the sale of your pi, which means that
you can tell a business to stop selling your pi and to refrain from selling it
in the future. exercising your opt-out right does not affect previously sold
pi.

to exercise this right, click on the “[do not sell my personal
information](/legal/usprivacy)” link available within this privacy policy and
on our service. _note that this link may not be visible or functional if you
access our service using a non-california ip address_ (e.g. while accessing
dailymotion service from a different state or country or doing so using
location-masking technologies such as a proxy or a vpn (virtual private
network) software). if you are a california resident and encounter problems in
the exercise of your opt-out right, such as if you are not physically in
california at the time, we invite you to contact us directly using either of
the contact methods listed in section 8.6.1.h.

upon exercising your right to opt-out, we will cease selling your pi, i.e. we
will refrain from disclosing it to third parties for their own business
purposes. we will also communicate your decision to all third parties to whom
your pi may have previously been sold during the 90-day period preceding your
request.

note that while we will not sell your pi once you exercise your opt-out right,
we may still disclose such information to our business partners in order for
them to help us carry out our own business activities. in these circumstances,
our business partners will act as our service providers and they will not be
allowed to use your pi for any purposes other than those we ask them to.

we remind you that an opt-out decision is limited to the device and the
browser used. if you use our service on different devices or via different
browsers, your opt-out decision needs to be communicated to us separately on
each of them and renewed every time the associated service id is no longer
active.

additionally, if your service id is no longer recognized by our service
(either because the cookie it is stored in has expired or because you or the
technology you use (e.g. your internet browser) has deleted such cookie or
prevented its deployment), we will no longer be capable of either recognizing
you or acknowledging that you have opted-out from the sale of your pi. we
invite you to verify your registered options by accessing your ccpa settings
through the “[do not sell my personal information](/legal/usprivacy)” link and
to renew the opt-out procedure if needed.

        * 8.6.1.f. **requests to opt-in after opting-out of the sale of your pi**

once you have exercised your right to opt-out, it is possible for you to opt
back into the sale of your pi. you will be alerted if a transaction requires
the sale of your pi in order to complete.

opting back into the sale of your pi is an easy two-step process: you just
have to request to opt-in and you will then be asked to confirm your choice.
you may do so by clicking the “[do not sell my personal
information](/legal/usprivacy)” link or by using any of the other contact
methods described in section 8.6.1.h below.

        * 8.6.1.g. **right to access and / or delete personal information**

in addition to the information provided in section 8.6.1.b., you have the
right to request that dailymotion provides you with access to the specific
pieces and categories of your pi that dailymotion has collected, disclosed or
sold during the 12 months preceding your request. this request can only be
made once every 12 months.

additionally, you have the right to request the deletion of your pi that
dailymotion collected or maintained during the same 12-month period.

upon receipt of your verifiable request to delete your pi, we will proceed
with the deletion of such information unless otherwise authorized or required
by
[law](https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/codes_displaysection.xhtml?lawcode=civ§ionnum=1798.105.).

        * 8.6.1.h. **methods for submitting a verifiable consumer request to access or delete their personal information or to opt-out from its sale**

in addition to exercising your opt-out right via the “[do not sell my personal
information](/legal/usprivacy)” link available in the present policy and on
our service, you may submit your opt-out, access or deletion request by
contacting our support policy team using one of the following methods:

          * making a request via the “ **personal data** ” dedicated section available on the [dailymotion help center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new); 
          * sending an email to [feedback@dailymotion.com](mailto:feedback@dailymotion.com)

at a minimum, the following information must be provided with your request:

          * your account login (email address or username used to log-in to your dailymotion account) or your service id(s), which you will be able to retrieve by following the instructions that we will provide to you;
          * the nature of your request;
          * documents evidencing that you are a california resident;
          * an email or a physical address we may use for further correspondence in relation to your request;
          * whether your request concerns yourself or a third party (if you file on behalf of a third party, you must submit documents evidencing your legal authority to do so (e.g. a signed document from the person you file the request for specifying the content of the request you are authorized to file, together with a copy of that person’s and your own official ids)).

depending on the content and circumstances of your request, you may need to
follow additional procedures (e.g. retrieve your service id following the
instructions provided by our support team) or provide additional supportive
documents as necessary to confirm your identity and identify your pi.

note that in order to comply with requests to access, delete, or disclose a
consumer’s pi, it is mandatory for dailymotion to first verify such requests.
the ccpa rights in relation to your pi can only be exercised by you, meaning
that your request cannot concern pi that is not yours and no one else can
exercise the ccpa rights in relation to your pi (unless acting as an
authorized agent on your behalf). consequently, we need to take reasonable
measures to verify the identity of the person sending us a request, as well as
that person’s entitlement to exercise the ccpa rights and to identify the
information such request relates to, before we process the request.

the actual verification process may take different forms depending on the
circumstances of your request. for example, if you have a dailymotion account,
you may be asked to reply to a verification email sent to you by our support
team at the email address you use to login. the dailymotion support policy
team will guide you through the applicable procedures.

      * 8.6.2. **third party marketing activities**

if you are a california resident, you may be entitled to request disclosure of
the categories of pi (such as your name and contact information), if any, that
we share with third parties who wish to contact you or send you promotional
information about their products and services directly (as compared to when
the third party is acting on our behalf or you have provided your pi as part
of a co-promotion by dailymotion and the third party). you may also request
the names and addresses of these third parties. please note that you can only
make these requests once per calendar year.

if you are a california resident and would like to request a copy of this
information regarding our disclosure of pi to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, please contact us using the
procedure described in section 8.6.1.h. or send us a letter at: legal
department, dailymotion inc., 50 west 23rd street, 10th floor, new york, ny
10010, united states.

      * 8.6.3. **specific rules applicable to deletion of information published by minors**

if you are a california resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of
the dailymotion service, you may request and obtain removal of content or
information you have publicly posted on the dailymotion service. to make this
request, please contact the [dailymotion help
center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) and include a
detailed description of the specific content or information you would like to
remove. please note that this removal does not ensure complete or
comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the dailymotion
service by you, as there may be circumstances in which the law does not
require or allow removal.

  9. ## specific conditions applicable to secondary dailymotion sites

since the secondary sites of dailymotion are not intended primarily for users
of the dailymotion site, the processing purposes described in this privacy
policy are not the same as those applicable to the secondary sites.

the secondary sites may collect their visitors’ data for purely statistical
purposes, in particular to register the number of visits to the secondary
sites' pages and the behavior of their visitors (e.g. navigation time, pages
clicked on, videos viewed, or articles read, etc.).

other than that, the secondary sites may collect their visitors’ data for
purely statistical purposes, in particular to register the number of visits to
the secondary sites' pages and the behavior of their visitors (e.g. navigation
time, pages clicked on, videos viewed, or articles read, etc.).

dailymotion may use different types of cookies on the secondary sites:  
  
\- so-called "functional" cookies designed solely to operate these secondary
sites correctly or, if you decide so, to enable you to log-in using third
party log-in tools (e.g. facebook connect);  
\- audience measurement and statistical analysis cookies, deposited by
dailymotion or by our subcontractors providing audience measurement services
(e.g. amplitude).

the use of these audience measurement cookies is subject to the same rules as
those explained in the present privacy policy. you can, at any time, oppose
their use by indicating your decision on the “ **consent management** ” page
accessible on our service. you may also exercise your rights of access,
modification or deletion as described in section 8 above.

  10. ## miscellaneous

    * 10.1. _third-party access points, devices, and links._

the dailymotion service may be accessible through third-party websites,
applications and other means of access operated by other companies
(collectively, "third-party access points"). for example, you can access the
dailymotion service through third-party websites where the video player has
been embedded. the dailymotion service also may contain links to third-party
websites or applications. for example, if you click on an advertisement or a
search result on our website, you may be taken to a website that we do not
control. none of these third-party access points, devices, websites or
applications are operated by dailymotion, even if they contain our name or
logo. as such, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the
operators of these third-party access points. accordingly, we recommend that
you review their respective privacy policies for further information.

    * 10.2. _deleting your dailymotion account_

if you have an account with us, you may choose to delete your dailymotion
account, in accordance with our [terms of use](/legal/terms?localization=en) ,
via the settings of your dailymotion account when signed in. if you are a
member of our partner program, deletion of your account will require a prior
termination of that program. please note that after you delete your account,
you will not be able to sign into our website or access any of your personal
data. however, you can open a new account at any time. if you delete your
account, we will still retain some information from or about you when we are
required to do so under the applicable law or contracts we are party to. we
may also continue to use some of the data in anonymized or pseudonymized forms
for various operational and analytical purposes. in addition, if certain
information has already been provided to third parties, as described in this
privacy policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third
parties’ policies.

    * 10.3. _applicable law and jurisdiction_

 **if you reside in a country of the european economic area** : you agree that
any dispute between you and dailymotion arising out of or relating in any way
to this privacy policy or our collection, processing and/or use of your data
shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of france, without reference
to its conflicts of laws, and notwithstanding multiple defendants or third
party claims. you also agree that any claim or dispute between you and
dailymotion shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction located in
paris.

 **if you reside in a country that is not part of the european economic area**
: you agree that any dispute between you and dailymotion arising out of or
relating in any way to this privacy policy or our collection, processing
and/or use of your data shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the state of new york, without reference to its conflicts of laws, and
notwithstanding multiple defendants or third party claims. you also agree that
any claim or dispute between you and dailymotion shall be decided by a court
of competent jurisdiction located in the new york county.

    * 10.4. _international data transfers and privacy shield_

dailymotion respects privacy rights, and strives to collect, use and disclose
data in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which it does
business. as such, dailymotion complies with the eu-u.s. privacy shield and
the swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks (collectively, the “ **privacy
shield** ”) as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce (“ **doc** ”)
regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from
the european economic area (“ **eea** ”) or switzerland to the united states.
if there is inconsistency between the present privacy policy and the privacy
shield rules, the privacy shield rules shall prevail. during dailymotion
inc.’s participation in the privacy shield program, the federal trade
commission is the competent jurisdiction for matters relating to dailymotion
inc.’s compliance with the privacy shield rules. to learn more about the
privacy shield program, please see [privacy shield
website](http://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome).

    * 10.5. _changes to this privacy policy_

from time to time, we may revise this privacy policy to reflect changes in the
law or the dailymotion service or for other reasons in our discretion. we may
do so as needed, but in any event, the privacy policy will be updated at least
once every 12 months. therefore, it is important that you verify the effective
date of the latest update of the privacy policy each time you visit the
dailymotion site or use any of the dailymotion service, to ensure you are
familiar with our most updated policies and practices. if we make any material
change to this privacy policy, we will notify you by posting a notice on the
dailymotion site.

if you are a user or a partner, we may also send an email to the email address
that you most recently provided to us in your dailymotion account settings,
prior to the material change taking effect. accordingly, please keep your
account information, including email address, updated. any material change to
this privacy policy will be effective automatically (i) 7 days after the
revised privacy policy is first posted or, for users who register or otherwise
provide opt-in consent during this 7-day period, at the time of registration
or consent, as applicable, or (ii) immediately upon its publication, if
required so by applicable laws.

    * 10.6. _contact us_

if you have further questions about this privacy policy, or wish to learn more
about our information-handling practices, you can reach us:

      * by sending a request to the [dailymotion help center](https://faq.dailymotion.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) via the dedicated “ **your personal data** ” section or, 
      * by sending a letter to the attention of:   

        * our data protection officer at the following address: 140 boulevard malesherbes - 75017 paris, france, _if you reside in a country of the eea_ ; or 
        * our legal department at the following address: 50 west 23rd street, 10th floor, new york, ny 10010, united states, _if you reside in a country that is not part of the eea_. 

_if you reside in korea, the following additional terms apply to you_ :

dailymotion has designated lee & ko as its domestic representative in korea to
handle questions and complaints relating to the processing of korean users'
personal information. you may contact our domestic representative by
telephone, email, or mail by using the following information:

      * lee & ko (yong seok ahn, managing partner)   
email: [email reserved for korean privacy issues
only](mailto:privacy_dailymotion@leeko.com)  
mail: lee and ko (domestic representative of dailymotion), hanjin building, 63
namdaemun-ro, jung-gu, seoul, korea  
  
telephone: 02-6386-7195  

 _귀하가 한국에 거주한다면 아래 추가 조항이 귀하에게 적용됩니다 :_

      *  **dailymotion은 대한민국 이용자의 개인정보 관련 고충에 관한 문의를 위해 법무법인(유) 광장을 국내대리인으로 지정하였습니다. 아래 정보를 이용하여 국내대리인에게 전화 이메일, 또는 우편으로 문의하실 수 있습니다.**  
 **법무법인 (유) 광장 (대표변호사 안용석)**  
 **이메일:**[국내 개인정보 문의](mailto:privacy_dailymotion@leeko.com)  
 **우편: 서울 중구 남대문로 63, 한진빌딩 18 층, 법무법인 (유) 광장, dailymotion 국내대리인**  
 **전화: 02-6386-7195**

 _if you reside in turkey, the following additional terms apply to you_ :

      * \- for privacy matters: pursuant to applicable privacy laws in turkey, dailymotion may process data listed under section 2 for the purposes explained under section 3 based on the following legal grounds:
      *         1. processing is explicitly laid down in or dictated by laws;
        2. processing of your data, is necessary provided that it is directly related to the conclusion or fulfilment of your contract with us;
        3. processing is mandatory for us to be able to comply with our legal obligations;
        4. the relevant data is made available to the public by yourself;
        5. processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right;
        6. processing is mandatory for our legitimate interests, provided that it does not violate your fundamental rights and freedoms;
        7. your explicit consent (this legal basis is only used in relation to processing that requires your consent and is not used for any processing that might be performed based on another legal ground).

pursuant to the applicable privacy laws in turkey, you have the following
rights regarding your data:

      1. the right to learn whether your data is processed;
      2. the right to request information with respect to such processing;
      3. the right to learn the purposes of processing and whether your data is used for such purpose or not;
      4. the right to know the third parties within or outside your country to whom your data is transferred;
      5. the right to request correction of your data if it is incomplete or inaccurate;
      6. the right to request deletion or destruction of your data in accordance with applicable laws;
      7. the right to request notification of actions taken within the scope of (v) and (vi) above items to third parties, who received your data from us;
      8. the right to object to the consequences that are to your detriment, as a result of the analysis of your data solely by automated means;
      9. the right to claim indemnification if you suffer damages due to illegal processing of your data.

for further information about your rights under the article 11 of the turkish
data protection law, you may refer to the official law text accessible
[[here](https://www.mevzuat.gov.tr/mevzuat?mevzuatno=6698&mevzuattur=1&mevzuattertip=5)]
in turkish. dailymotion has designated i̇lay yılmaz as its personal data
controller representative in turkey to handle questions and complaints
strictly in connection with the processing of personal information related to
individuals in turkey. you may contact our data controller representative in
turkey for such privacy matters by email or mail by using the following
information:

      * i̇lay yılmaz (esin attorney partnership, partner)  
email : [[email reserved for turkish privacy issues
only](mailto:ilay.yilmaz@esin.av.tr)]  
mail : i̇lay yılmaz (data controller representative of dailymotion)  
ebulula mardin cad., gül sok. no. 2  
maya park tower 2, akatlar-beşiktaş 34335 istanbul, turkey

  

      * \- for takedown requests: the easiest and most efficient way to report a content that you deem inappropriate is to click the “report” button below each video. in addition to such online tool, you may also, as a turkish resident, send a letter or an email to the representative appointed by dailymotion in turkey, in the scope of the law no. 5651:
      *         * (a) name: gökhan gökçe
        * (b) address: buyukdere cd. no. 193/2 esentepe – sisli – istanbul
        * (c) email: [[email reserved for content takedown requests from turkey only](mailto:gokhan.gokce.external@dailymotion.com)]
      * \- eğer türkiye’de ikamet ediyorsanız, 5651 sayılı kanun kapsamında görevlendirilen temsilciye yazılı olarak ya da eposta yoluyla bildirim gönderebilirsiniz. 
      *         * (a) i̇sim: gökhan gökçe
        * (b) adres: buyukdere cd. no. 193/2 esentepe – sisli – istanbul
        * (c) eposta adresi: [[yalnızca türkiye'den içerik kaldırma taleplerine ayrılmıştır](mailto:gokhan.gokce.external@dailymotion.com)]
  

 _last modified on: february 1st, 2021._

__

[](/)

[about us](/us/about) [what's new](/about/whats-new) [help
center](https://faq.dailymotion.com) [jobs](https://jobs.dailymotion.com)
[api](https://developer.dailymotion.com) [partner up](/monetization) [manage
cookies](/legal/consent)

[privacy & cookie policy](/legal/privacy) [terms](/legal/terms)
[blog](https://medium.com/dailymotion) [all
videos](https://www.dailymotion.com/archived/index.html) [ family filter: on
](/settings)

© 2005 - 2021 dailymotion. designed with  in paris, france.

[](https://www.facebook.com/dailymotion "facebook dailymotion")
[](https://plus.google.com/+dailymotion "google dailymotion") [
[](https://www.pinterest.com/dailymotionusa "pinterest dailymotion")
[](https://www.instagram.com/dailymotion "instagram dailymotion")
![](https://sb.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&c2=4000005&cv=2.0&cj=1)

