  * [browse](https://www.deviantart.com/)
  * [watch](https://www.deviantart.com/notifications/watch)
  * [shop](https://www.deviantart.com/)
  * [groups](https://www.deviantart.com/)
  * [forum](https://www.deviantart.com/forum")



# deviantart, inc. privacy policy

![deviantart-old-logo](https://st.deviantart.net/minish/main/logo/old-
logo.png)

_policy last updated: january 12, 2021_

deviantart respects your privacy and is fully committed to protect your
personal information and use it properly and in compliance with data privacy
laws.

this privacy policy applies to our web sites, including
[www.deviantart.com](https://www.deviantart.com/),
[shop.deviantart.com](https://shop.deviantart.com), [sta.sh](https://sta.sh/),
and our deviantart mobile applications (collectively, the " **deviantart
sites** " or " **sites** "). this privacy policy explains what information we
(together with our affiliated companies worldwide) collect and use pertaining
to each of our account holders and non-account holders (such as site visitors)
through the sites, how we use that information, and what choices you have with
respect to the information we collect about you. the sites and our services
available via the sites are collectively called the " **services** ".

please take a few moments to read this privacy policy  _ **before**  you
access or use the services_. by using or accessing the deviantart sites, you
acknowledge that you have read and fully understood this privacy policy and
our terms of service and that they both apply to your use of the services. if
you do not read and fully understand this privacy policy, please do not use
the sites or services. this privacy policy is not intended to override the
terms of any contract you have with us, nor any rights you might have under
applicable data privacy laws. where you have read this policy but would like
further clarification, please contact us at
[help@deviantart.com](mailto:help@deviantart.com).

## 1\. what information do we collect?

to provide you the services, we may collect personal information relating to
an identified or identifiable natural person (" **information** ").

we collect information in order to provide, operate and improve our sites and
services, to administer your use of the site or services (including your
account, as defined below), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our
site and services. additionally, we collect your information, among other
reasons stated below, to provide you with ongoing customer assistance and
technical support, and to enhance our data security and fraud prevention
capabilities.

### 1.1. information you provide us:

when you register for our services and create a deviantart account via the
deviantart sites (an " **account** "), when you register for special services
(e.g., the print program, premium content), sign up for e-mail newsletters and
purchase products or services, information you include in your communications
with us, we collect certain information such as your name, age/ date of birth,
postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, details regarding connected
third-party accounts (such as the e-mail or username for a connected paypal,
google or facebook account), credit card information (if you use certain of
our features and services).

if you create your account using your login credentials from a third party
site or service, we'll be able to access and collect your name and email
address and other data that your privacy settings on that third party site or
service permit us to access but we don't receive or store passwords for those
third party sites and services.

your address book. we may ask users for access to the address books on their
mobile devices, so that we may connect account holders, however we will not
access your address book without your permission to do so.

### 1.2. information collected through your use of the site or services.

when you are visiting or using our site or services, including when you browse
the site or a user account, edit your account and upload information and
content, and/or download and use any site feature or services, we are aware of
it and will usually gather, collect and record such uses, sessions and related
information, either independently or with the help of third-party services as
detailed herein, including through the use of "cookies" and other tracking
technologies, as further detailed in section 5, below.

our servers automatically collect and record certain information about how a
person uses our services (we refer to this information as "log data"), for
both account holders and non-account holders (such as site visitors) (both
will be referred to as a "user"). log data may include information such as a
user's internet protocol (ip) address, mobile device identifier, browser type,
operating system, the pages or features of our services to which a user
browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links
on our services on which a user clicked, the friends of account holders who
also use the services, purchases made by the user, how often users click on
our advertisements, which files are downloaded most frequently, and which
areas of our site are the most popular and other statistics. we also collect
certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our services,
including user settings, the operating system, as well as information about
your use of our services. we use this information to administer the services
and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) this information to
further develop, improve and enhance the services by expanding their features
and functionality and tailoring them to our users' needs and preferences, and
to make recommendations.

### 1.3. information we collect from other sources

if you create your account using your login credentials from a third party
site or service, we'll be able to access and collect your name and email
address and other data that your privacy settings on that third party site or
service permits us to access but we never receive or store passwords for those
third party sites and services. we cannot delete or change any information
that is stored on third party sites and services.

in addition, we may receive information about you from third-party sources,
such as (i) security providers, fraud detection and prevention providers to
help us screen out users associated with fraud, and (ii) advertising and
marketing partners in order to monitor, manage and measure our ad campaigns.

## 2\. how do we use such information?

2.1. we use your information for the following purposes: to provide and
operate the services; to enhance our data security and fraud prevention
capabilities; to create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated
and/or inferred information, which we may use to provide and improve our
respective services; to customize advertising and content available on the
deviantart sites, to send you service-related notices and promotional
information about products and services that may be of interest to you and/or
to conduct research for internal purposes; to help us in updating, expanding
and analyzing our records to identify new users; to facilitate, sponsor, and
offer certain contests, events, and promotions, monitor performance, contact
winners, and grant prizes and benefits; and to comply with any applicable laws
and regulations.

2.2. we will only use your information for the purposes set out in section 2
where you give us your permission and/or we are satisfied that:

a. our use of your information is necessary to perform a contract or take
steps to enter into a contract with you (e.g. to provide you with services, to
provide you with our customer assistance and technical support), or

b. our use of your information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or
regulatory obligation that we have, or

c. our use of your information is necessary to support legitimate interests
that we have as a business (for example, to maintain and improve our services
by identifying user trends and the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns
and identifying technical issues), provided it is conducted at all times in a
way that is proportionate, and that respects your privacy rights

## 3\. how we share your information?

we may share your information with service providers and others (or otherwise
allow them access to it) in the following manners and instances:

3.1. _third party service providers_ : we may share information as well as
aggregated information that we collect with third party service providers
whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. these
include but are not limited to hosting and server co-location services,
communications and content delivery networks (cdns), data and cyber security
services, billing and payment processing services, fraud detection and
prevention services, industry analysis, web analytics, e-mail distribution and
monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance
measurement, data optimisation and marketing services, content providers, and
our legal and financial advisors (collectively, " **third party services** ")

3.1.1. we may share information with third party services for a business
purpose such as identifiers, commercial information and other categories as
listed in section 1.

3.2. _information disclosed for our protection and the protection of others_.
where permitted by local data protection laws, we will disclose information
when required by law or under the good-faith belief that such disclosure is
necessary in order to conform to applicable law, comply with subpoenas, court
orders or legal process served on deviantart, to establish or exercise our
legal rights or defend against legal claims, and to protect the property or
interests of deviantart, its agents and employees, personal safety, or the
public. under these circumstances, deviantart may be prohibited by law, court
order or other legal process from providing notice of the disclosure, and
deviantart reserves the right under those conditions not to provide notice in
its sole discretion.

3.3. _parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliated companies_. we may share
information internally within our family of companies, for the purposes
described in this privacy policy. for example, we may share your information
with wix.com inc., our u.s.-based parent company, or wix.com ltd., our israel
based parent company, in the course of facilitating and providing you with our
site or services. in addition, should we, wix or any of its affiliates undergo
any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase
of substantially all of its assets, your information may be shared with the
parties involved in such event.

3.4. _apis_. we offer apis for use by third parties to access various features
of our services and content on our sites. some apis will be used by third
parties to access and use your information with the third parties' services
however, your information will not be accessed and used by a third party api
user without your consent. we also offer apis to some of our third party
service providers to assist with provision of services to us, such as, but not
limited to, credit card processing and shipping fulfillment services, and
those third party api users will access and use your information only in order
to provide services to us for you, as noted above under " _third party service
providers_ ".

3.5. _information we disclose with your consent or at your request_. we will
share your information with third-party websites or platforms, such as social
networking sites, if you have expressly requested that we do so.

3.6. _social media features and framed pages:_  our services include certain
social media features and widgets, such as the "facebook like" button, the
"share this" button or other interactive mini-programs ("social media
features"). these social media features may collect information such as your
ip address or which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie
to enable them to function properly. social media features are either hosted
by a third party or hosted directly on our services. your interactions with
these third parties' social media features are governed by their policies and
not ours.

**for the avoidance of doubt, we may share your information in manners other
than as described above, pursuant to your explicit approval, or if we are
legally obligated to do so.**

# 4\. where do we store your information?

4.1. information of account holders and non-account holders may be maintained,
processed and stored by us and our authorized affiliates and service providers
in the united states of america, in europe (including in ukraine), in israel,
and in other jurisdictions as necessary for the proper delivery of our
services and/or as may be required by law (as further explained below).

4.1.1 jobs applicants information will be maintained, processed and stored in
the united states and israel, in the applied position's location(s).

4.1.2. our parent company, wix.com ltd. is based in israel, which is
considered by the european commission to be offering an adequate level of
protection for the information of eu member state residents.

4.1.3. our affiliates and service providers that store or process your
information on our behalf are each contractually committed to keep it
protected and secured, in accordance with industry standards and regardless of
any lesser legal requirements which may apply in their jurisdiction.

4.2. transfer of eu personal data : if you are located in europe, when we will
transfer your personal information to the united states or anywhere outside
europe, we will make sure that (i) there is a level of protection deemed
adequate by the european commission or (ii) that the relevant model standard
contractual clauses are in place.deviantart participates in and has certified
its compliance with the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework and the swiss-u.s.
privacy shield framework. we are committed to subjecting all information
received from european union (eu) member countries and switzerland,
respectively, in reliance on the privacy shield framework, to the framework's
applicable principles. to learn more about the privacy shield framework, visit
the u.s. department of commerce's privacy shield list,
[https://www.privacyshield.gov](https://www.privacyshield.gov/).

# 5\. use of cookies and similar technologies

5.1. a cookie is a small file of letters and numbers downloaded on to your
computer when you access certain websites. in general, cookies allow a website
to recognize a userâs computer. the most important thing to know about
cookies placed by deviantart is that they make our website a bit more user-
friendly, for example, by remembering site preferences and language settings.

5.2. cookies should be divided in two types:

5.2.1. "first-party cookies" \- cookies that are placed by deviantart

5.2.2. "third-party cookies" \- cookies that are placed and used by third
party service providers

5.3. we also use other technologies with similar functionality to cookies,
such as web beacons, pixels, and tracking urls, to obtain log data (as
described in the privacy policy). for example, our email messages may contain
web beacons and tracking urls to determine whether you have opened a certain
message or accessed a certain link.

5.4. duration: depending on their function, cookies may have different
durations. there are session cookies and persistent cookies:

5.4.1. session cookies only last for your online session. it means that the
browser deletes these cookies once you close your browser

5.4.2. persistent cookies stay on your device after the browser has been
closed and last for the period of time specified in the cookie

5.5. categories: the cookies used on our website fall into one of four
categories: essential, analytics, functional and marketing.

5.5.1. _essential cookies_ let you move around the website and use essential
features like secure and private areas.

5.5.2. _analytics cookies_ let us understand how you use our website (e.g.
which pages you visit and if you experience any errors). these cookies are
essential to us being able to enhance and maintain our platform.

5.5.3. _functional cookies_ are cookies used to remember choices users make to
improve their experience.

5.5.4. _marketing cookies_ are used to collect information about the impact of
our marketing campaigns performed in other website on users and non-users.
these cookies are only used on deviantart owned sites under *deviantart.com

please check out the table below to receive information about the type,
categories, purpose and duration of cookies placed by deviantart and third
party service providers

type | name | purpose | duration |  
---|---|---|---|---  
cookie | auth | identify logged users | 1 month | essential  
cookie | auth_secure | security | never | essential  
cookie | userinfo | identify logged users | 1 month | essential  
cookie | td | image grid sizing for ssr (eclipse) | session | essential  
cookie | tw | image grid sizing for ssr (green site) | 7 day | essential  
cookie | hubtoken | websocket push messages | session | essential  
cookie | tpc | oauth login for stash | session | essential  
cookie | vd | used for advertising | 1 month | marketing  
local storage | chatdb | allow chat feature | persistent | essential  
local storage | console_dapi_recent, console_recent | recently used endpoints
list in api developer console | persistent | analytics  
local storage | custombox.recent.colors | remembers colors used in custom
boxes | persistent | functional  
local storage | filmquality | allow the use of player settings | persistent |
essential  
local storage | statusupdatesubmitcounter | number of status updates submitted
via eclipse | persistent | functional  
local storage | intents, intents_other | list of signup intents selected by
user | persistent | essential  
  
third party cookies:

type | name | third party | purpose | duration |  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
beacon and cookie | _pxhd | perimeterx
(<https://www.perimeterx.com/legal/privacy/>) | security | 1 y | essential  
beacon and cookie | _ga, _gat, _gid, _utm* | google
analytics(<https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-us>) | analytics | 2y |
analytics  
beacon and cookie | r/collect | google doubleclick ads (through google
analytics)<https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-us> | analytics | session
| marketing  
beacon and cookie | large number, varies | google doubleclick ads and other
ads networks <https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-us> | advertising |
varies | marketing  
beacon and cookie | jsessionid | new relic
(<https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy>) | system monitoring |
session | essential  
script and cookie | ts#, xsrf-token | wix.com
<https://www.wix.com/about/privacy> | security | session | essential  
script and cookie | _frog.wix.com_ | wix.com
<https://www.wix.com/about/privacy> | identify logged users | persistent |
essential  
script and cookie | fed ,fedops.logger.sessionid | wix.com
<https://www.wix.com/about/privacy> | system monitoring | persistent |
essential  
local storage | debug, debugpanel-height, debugpanel-tab, debugpanel-visible |
wix.com <https://www.wix.com/about/privacy> | system monitoring | persistent |
essential  
local storage | firebase:host:wix-engage-visitors-prod-27.firebaseio.com |
wix.com | allow the chat feature | persistent | essential  
  
your choices

you can change your cookie settings by clicking in this
[link](https://deviantart.com/settings/cookies).

alternatively, it is also possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies
altogether by changing your browser's cookie settings. you can usually find
these settings in the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser.

please note that deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies or tracking
technologies may prevent you from accessing certain areas or features of our
services or may otherwise adversely affect your user experience.

# 6\. communications:

6.1. _promotional messages_ : we may use your information to send you
promotional content and messages by e-mail, text messages, notifications
within our platform, marketing calls and similar forms of communication from
deviantart or our partners (acting on our behalf) through such means. if you
do not wish to receive such promotional messages or calls, you may notify
deviantart at any time or follow the "unsubscribe" or stop instructions
contained in the promotional communications you receive.

6.2. _service and billing messages_ : we may also contact you with important
information regarding our services, or your use thereof. for example, we may
send you a notice (through any of the means available to us) if a certain
service is temporarily suspended for maintenance; reply to your support ticket
or e-mail; send you reminders or warnings regarding upcoming or late payments
for your current or upcoming subscriptions; forward abuse complaints regarding
your account; or notify you of material changes in our services.

it is important that you are always able to receive such messages. for this
reason, you are not be able to opt-out of receiving such service and billing
messages unless you are no longer a deviantart user (which can be done by
deactivating your account).

# 7\. your rights in relation to your information

7.1. it is imperative that you will have control over your information. that
is the reason why we are taking reasonable steps in order to enable you to
access, receive a copy of, update, amend, delete, or limit the use of your
information.

7.2. we may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and
for security purposes, before disclosing the requested data to you. we reserve
the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request
is manifestly unfounded or excessive.

7.3. you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory
authority for data protection (but we still recommend you to contact us
first).

7.4. for all deviantart users, if you may review and amend your information by
logging in and navigating to your  [settings
page](https://www.deviantart.com/settings/general) on the website. once there,
you may modify information that is incorrect and delete certain information
from your profile. you can also change your permission settings for us to send
you e-mail newsletters.

7.5. for all deviantart users, if you wish to **retrieve your deviantart
account data** or **permanently delete your deviantart data** , please follow
the instructions provided in the following article:
<https://www.deviantart.com/settings/gdpr/>.

7.6. in addition, feel free to send us an e-mail to help@deviantart.com, or
mail your request to deviantart953 n sycamore avenue, #700, los angeles, ca
90038. we will make all reasonable efforts to honor your request promptly
(unless we require further information fromyou in order to fulfil your
request) subject to legal and other permissible considerations.

7.6.1. please note that permanently deleting your account erases all of your
information from our databases. after completing this process, you can no
longer use any of your services, your account and all its data will be removed
permanently, and we will not be able to restore your account or retrieve your
data in the future. if you contact deviantart support in the future, the
system will not recognize your account and support agents will not be able to
locate the deleted account.

# 8\. additional information for california residents

8.1. if you are a california resident using the services, the california
consumer privacy act ( "ccpa ") may provide you the right to request access to
and deletion of your information.

8.2. in order to exercise the right to request access to and deletion of your
information, please see the information on the section 7, above.

8.3. deviantart does **not** sell user information to third parties for the
intents and purposes of the ccpa.

8.4. users of the services who are california residents and under 18 years of
age may request and obtain removal of content they posted by emailing us at
<help@deviantart.com>. all requests must be labeled "california removal
request " on the email subject line. all requests must provide a description
of the content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to
permit us to locate that content. we do not accept california removal requests
via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. we are not responsible for notices
that are not labeled or sent properly, and we may not be able to respond if
you do not provide adequate information. please note that your request does
not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material. for example,
materials that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user
or third party.

# 9\. data retention

we may retain your information for as long as your account is active, as
indicated in this privacy policy or as otherwise needed to provide you with
our services.

we may continue to retain such information even after you deactivate your
account and/or cease to use any particular services, as reasonably necessary
to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our users,
prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or protect our legitimate
interests. where your information is no longer required, we will ensure it is
securely deleted.

# 10\. security

10.1. we have implemented security measures designed to protect the
information you share with us, including physical, electronic and procedural
measures. among other things, we offer https secure access to most areas on
our services; the transmission of sensitive payment information (such as a
credit card number) through our designated purchase forms is protected by an
industry standard ssl/tls encrypted connection; and we regularly maintain a
pci dss (payment card industry data security standards) certification. we also
regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and
regularly seek new ways and third party services for further enhancing the
security of our services and protection of our visitors' and users' privacy.

10.2. regardless of the measures and efforts taken by us, we cannot and do not
guarantee the absolute protection and security of your information, or any
other content you upload, publish or otherwise share with us or anyone else.
we therefore encourage you to set strong passwords for your user account, and
avoid providing us or anyone with any sensitive information which you believe
its disclosure could cause you substantial or irreparable harm.

10.3. if you have any questions regarding the security of our services, you
are more than welcome to contact us at security-report@deviantart.com.

# 11\. third-party websites

our services may contain links to other websites or services. we are not
responsible for such websitesâ or servicesâ privacy practices. we
encourage you to be aware when you leave our services and to read the privacy
statements of each and every website and service you visit before providing
your information. this privacy policy does not apply to such linked third
party websites and services which are subject only to the third party
policies.

# 12\. your profile page

12.1. please note that when you create an account, your profile page will
display your account user name and certain statistics regarding your own use
of the services, including but not limited to, the date you became an account
holder, the categories of materials you posted and how long ago you last
visited the sites. it will also display information about the account holders
who visit your profile page including the names of those account holders who
follow you (if the account holder has permitted such display), and the number
of visitors to, and views of your profile page or pages containing content you
have submitted.

12.2. any information or content that you post to your profile page, or to any
groups which you are a part of, chat rooms or forums will be publicly
accessible by users so please exercise your good judgment before you post. the
name you choose when creating your account is visible to all users of the
services. if you visit another account holder's profile page, your user name
will appear on that page. deviantart does not control, and is not responsible
for, the use of any information or content that you have exposed to the public
through your use of the services. you may use the tools we make available via
the services to make decisions about what information about you, including
information, will be visible on your profile page and on the profile pages of
other account holders that you visit. please note accounts can be created
either by individuals or companies. note that in some cases, we may not be
able to remove your information from such areas.

# 13\. questions and complaints

13.1. if you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or
disclosure of information, or if you believe that we have not complied with
this privacy policy or applicable data protection laws, please contact us â
our details are set out at the end of this privacy policy.

13.2. our data protection officer team will investigate the complaint and
determine whether a breach has occurred and what action, if any, to take. we
take every privacy complaint seriously and will make all reasonable efforts to
resolve your complaint promptly and in accordance with applicable law.

# 14\. updates and interpretation

14.1. we may update this privacy policy as required by applicable law, and to
reflect changes to our information collection, usage and storage practices. in
relation to any updated privacy policy, we will, as required by applicable
law, notify you, seek your consent and/or take any other measures. we
encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on
our privacy practices.

14.2. any heading, caption or section title contained herein, and any
explanation is provided only for convenience, and in no way defines or
explains any section or provision hereof, or legally binds any of us in any
way

# 15\. contacting us

if you have questions about this privacy policy or our policies or wish to
exercise any of your rights as described, please contact our dpo team at:

**deviantart, inc.**  
7111 santa monica blvd, ste b, po box 230  
west hollywood, ca 90046  
email: help@deviantart.com

**for the purposes of gdpr (article 27), you may contact our eu representative
at:**

wix online platforms limited  
1 grant's row  
dublin 2 d02hx96, ireland

(c)2021 deviantart. all rights reserved

  * [about](https://deviantart.com/about/)
  * [contact](https://www.deviantartsupport.com/en/article/how-do-i-contact-deviantart)
  * [developers](https://www.deviantart.com/developers)
  * [careers](https://www.deviantart.com/team/journal/careers-at-deviantart-855261915)
  * [help & faq](https://www.deviantartsupport.com/en/)
  * [advertise](https://deviantart.com/about/advertising/)
  * [core members](https://www.deviantart.com/core-membership/?point=footer)
  * [etiquette](https://deviantart.com/about/policy/etiquette/)
  * [privacy policy](https://deviantart.com/about/policy/privacy/)
  * [terms of service](https://deviantart.com/about/policy/service/)
  * [copyright policy](https://deviantart.com/about/policy/copyright/)

[ ![](https://a.deviantart.net/avatars/default.gif) sta.sh submit a deviation
](https://sta.sh)

[_![](https://a.deviantart.net/avatars/default.gif)_sta.sh](https://sta.sh)
[__deviantart muro](https://sta.sh/muro)
[__submit](https://www.deviantart.com/submit)

[__deviantart](https://www.deviantart.com/)  
  
---  
  
_hide media_ _preview_ _submit comment_

### add media

### style

skin:

change skin

upload files

