[
![disqus](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/89882/04711297e4ac978e0ca1f4f2/c56345f6e580f2ddd358475bae6c43b8.png)
](/en/)

[group 65go to disqus](https://disqus.com)

[all collections](/en/)

[terms and policies](/en/collections/191787-terms-and-policies)

terms of service

# terms of service

disqus' terms of service for users and publishers.

![disqus
avatar](https://static.intercomassets.com/avatars/512695/square_128/disqus_d_icon_%28gray%29.svg-1472681159.png?1472681159)

written by  disqus  
updated over a week ago

## disqus terms

 ** _if you create an account with disqus, you agree to the user terms of
service. if you are using disqus comments on your website you are a
“publisher” and you also agree to the[publisher terms of
service](https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/terms-of-
service#publisher-terms-of-service-agreement)_** **_which follow the user
terms of service below._**

## disqus user terms of service.

disqus, inc. (“disqus”, “we”, “us” or “our”) offers an online public comment
sharing platform where you may login and create profiles to participate in
conversations with peers and enjoy an interactive experience. these terms of
service (the “terms”) govern your use of and access to our comment sharing
platform, software and website (collectively the “service”) by using the
service you understand and agree to be bound by these terms.

these terms contain a mandatory arbitration of disputes provision that
requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes,
rather than jury trials or class actions, and also limits the remedies
available to you in the event of a dispute.

 **use of the service**.

you may only access and use the service if you agree to be bound by these
terms, are over the age of 13, and are not a person barred from receiving or
using the services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. if you are
accepting these terms and using the service on behalf of a company,
organization, government or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that
you are authorized to do so. in the event you breach these terms, or violate
the [basic rules of disqus](https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/basic-
rules-for-disqus), disqus may, in our sole discretion, revoke your rights to
use the service and terminate your account.

 **license to use the service.**

disqus grants you a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, revocable
license to access and use the service in accordance with the terms and in the
manner contemplated hereunder. disqus reserves all rights not expressly
granted herein in and to the service and the disqus content (as defined
below). disqus reserves the right to revoke your license to use the service at
any time and for any reason.

disqus reserves the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any
information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy applicable
law; (ii) enforce these terms, including investigation of potential violations
hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or other
technical issues; (iv) respond to user support requests; (v) protect the
rights, property or safety of disqus; (vi) or as otherwise set forth in the
disqus privacy policy.

 **modifying or discontinuing the service.**

we are constantly changing and improving service. we may, without prior notice
to you, add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop
the service altogether.

 **disqus account**.

by creating a disqus account, you agree to these terms. when creating your
account, you must provide accurate and complete information. you are solely
responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep
your account password secure. we encourage you to use “strong” passwords
(passwords that use a combination of upper and lowercase letters, numbers and
symbols) with your account. you may never use another user’s account without
permission. you must notify disqus immediately of any breach of security or
unauthorized use of your account. disqus will not be liable for any losses
caused by any unauthorized use of your account. you may control your user
profile and how you interact with the service by changing the settings in
your[ profile settings](https://disqus.com/account).

**privacy.**

the [disqus privacy policy](https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-
privacy-policy) describes how we use and process the information you provide
to us when you use the service. you understand that by using the services you
consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as set forth
in our privacy policy.

**content on the services**.

you are responsible for your use of the services and for any content you
submit, post, display or otherwise make available on or through the service
(“user content”), including that such user content complies with applicable
laws, rules, and regulations. you should only provide content that you are
comfortable sharing with others.

disqus takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any user content
that you or any other user or third-party posts or sends over the service. you
shall be solely responsible for your user content and the consequences of
posting or publishing it, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive
conduit for your online distribution and publication of your user content. you
understand and agree that you may be exposed to user content that is
inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited
to your purpose, and you agree that disqus shall not be liable for any damages
you allege to incur as a result of user content.

any use of or reliance on user content or materials posted via the services or
obtained by you through the services is at your own risk. we do not endorse,
support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or
reliability of any user content or communications posted via the services or
endorse any opinions expressed via the services. you understand that by using
the services, you may be exposed to user content that might be offensive,
harmful, inaccurate, inappropriate for children or otherwise inappropriate, or
in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive.
all user content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such
user content. we may not monitor or control the user content posted via the
services and, we cannot take responsibility for such user content. you agree
that disqus shall not be liable for any damages you incur as a result of user
content.

disqus respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users
of the service to do the same. we reserve the right to remove user content
alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion and
without liability to you. we will respond to notices of alleged copyright
infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us
as described below.

by using the service you represent and warrant that your user content does not
violate any applicable law or infringe any third party proprietary rights,
including but not limited to, any intellectual property rights.

 **copyright infringement: digital millennium copyright act of 1998 (“dmca”)**

if you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement under the dmca and is accessible via the
service, please notify disqus’ copyright agent at the contact information
below. for your complaint to be valid under the dmca, you must provide the
following information in writing:

  * an electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
  * identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
  * identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where it is located on the service;
  * information reasonably sufficient to permit disqus to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address;
  * a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law; and
  * a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.

dmca agent contact information:

disqus, inc.

attn: dmca notice disqus, inc.

717 market street, suite 700

san francisco, ca 94105

email: [dmca@disqus.com](mailto:dmca@disqus.com)

please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying disqus and its
affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed. in accordance
with the dmca and other applicable law, disqus has adopted a policy of
terminating, in appropriate circumstances, users who are deemed to be repeat
infringers. disqus may also at its sole discretion limit access to the service
and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual
property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

under federal law, if you knowingly misrepresent that online material is
infringing, you may be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury and civil
penalties, including monetary damages, court costs, and attorneys’ fees.

 **rights regarding user content**.

you retain your rights to any user content (“user content”). by submitting,
posting or displaying any content on the service, you expressly grant, and you
represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant, disqus a
worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sublicensable, transferable, perpetual
and irrevocable license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify,
publish, transmit, display, distribute, and make derivative works of such user
content in any and all media, technology or distribution methods (now known or
later developed). this license authorizes disqus to make your user content
available, to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. you agree
that this license also includes the right for disqus to provide, promote, and
improve the services and to make user content submitted to or through the
services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the
syndication, broadcast, distribution, promotion, publication, or otherwise of
such user content on other media and services. such use by disqus or other
companies, organizations or individuals may be made with no compensation paid
to you with respect to your content.

 **disqus content**

disqus’ name, logo, designs, trademarks, trade dress, service marks,
copyrights, patents or other intellectual property rights in disqus’ software,
images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, apis etc. (the “disqus content”)
is the exclusive property of disqus or its licensors. except as explicitly
provided herein, nothing in these terms shall be deemed to create a license in
or to disqus content, and you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify,
distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform,
publish, adapt, edit or create derivative works from any disqus content. use
of the disqus content for any purpose not expressly permitted by these terms
is strictly prohibited.

 **feeds and api**

disqus provides access to portions of its service via rss feeds and an api.
for the purposes of these terms, such access constitutes use of the service.
disqus asks that you use these features respectfully, and as may be outlined
in any documentation that we provide. you may not use these or any other
features of the service itself to allow the display of any portion of the
disqus database or reproduce, duplicate or copy any or all of the disqus
service. disqus reserves the right to change these features at any time and to
disable access to the feeds and the api at any time for any reason or no
reason.

 **service rules**

please review the disqus service rules below, in consideration of the license
to use the services you agree to comply with the service rules which are part
of these terms and outline what is prohibited on the services. please also
note, disqus comments often appear in websites and online communities not
owned by disqus, these websites and online communities may have their own
rules about content and comments on their site, please respect the rules of
the communities in which you are using disqus to comment.

bullying; harassment; hate speech. we do not allow bullying or hate speech on
the disqus platform. hate speech attacks people based on “protected
characteristics” which include race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religious
affiliation, sex, gender, gender identity or serious disability or disease.
bullying targets individuals with the intention of degrading or shaming them.
bullying is especially harmful to minors because they may be more vulnerable.
disqus prohibits bullying and hate speech and requires our users to respect
each other and comment with the respect and sensitivity of others in mind.

trademark rights and rights of publicity; impersonation. users are required to
respect the intellectual property rights of others, and are prohibited from
posting content that violates someone else’s copyright, trademark, or right of
publicity. additionally, users are prohibited from impersonating others in a
manner that does or is intended to mislead or deceive others. accounts
portraying another person in a confusing or deceptive manner may be banned at
disqus’ discretion.

safety; self-harm. users are prohibited from promoting or encouraging suicide
or self-harm. when we receive reports that a person is threatening suicide or
self-harm, we may take a number of steps to assist them, such as reaching out
to that person and providing resources such as contact information for our
mental health partners.

violence and criminal acts. users are prohibited from promoting or publicizing
violent crime, theft, or fraud. we also prohibit users from making credible
threats of violence, serious physical harm, or death. this includes, but is
not limited to, promoting, publicizing or threatening terrorist activity,
organized hate crime, mass or serial murder, human trafficking, organized
violence.

child sexual exploitation. disqus prohibits content that sexually exploits or
endangers children. if we become aware of apparent child exploitation, we will
report it in compliance with applicable law.

inappropriate content. graphic media, including explicit violence, gore, and
pornographic content are not allowed.

deceitful data collection; malware collecting or harvesting any personally
identifiable information, including account names, from the service;
attempting to interfere with, to compromise the system integrity or security
or to decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the service;
(v) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an
unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi)
uploading data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the service
accessing any content on the service through any technology or means other
than those provided or authorized by the service; or (xiii) bypassing the
measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the service, including
without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any
content or enforce limitations on use of the service or the content therein.

spam. users are prohibited from posting or sending spam through the service.
what constitutes spam is constantly evolving. generally, spam means repeated
actions that negatively impact others, such as repeatedly posting a comment
with the intent to post a thread etc.

the list of rules above is contently evolving. disqus may update and revise
these rules at any time, please review [disqus basic
rules](https://zetacorporate-
my.sharepoint.com/personal/efagiola_zetaglobal_com/documents/contract%20work/disqus/form/online%20terms/disqu)
for more information.

**disclaimers and limitation of liability**

the service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. your access to
and use of the service is at your own risk. without limiting the foregoing,
disqus, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors,
employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors (the “disqus
entities”) disclaim, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all
warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited
to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
or non-infringement. the disqus entities do not warrant or represent and
disclaim, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all liability
for: (i) the completeness; accuracy, reliability or correctness of the
services or any content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data,
or other harm that results from your access to or use of the service or
content; (iii) the deletion of or failure to store or transmit any content and
other communications maintained by the service; (iv) that the service will be
available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted, secure, or error
free. any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the
service is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for
any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such
download or your use of the service.

to the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall the disqus entities,
be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special,
consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for
loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses, that result
from the use of, or inability to use, this service. under no circumstances
will the disqus entities be responsible for any damage, loss or injury
resulting from hacking, tampering or other unauthorized access or use of the
service or your account or the information contained therein. in no event
shall disqus’ cumulative liability exceed $1,000 to you at any time.

the service is controlled and operated from its facilities in the u.s.a. the
disqus entities make no representations that the service is appropriate or
available for us in other locations. those who access or use the service from
other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible
for any liability incurred by doing so.

 **disputes, choice of law and jurisdiction**. these terms will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without
giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. you agree to resolve any
claim, dispute, or controversy (“claims”) arising out of or relating to these
terms or your use of the service by binding arbitration by the american
arbitration association (“aaa”) in santa clara county, california under the
commercial rules then in effect for the aaa, nothing in this section shall be
deemed as preventing disqus from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief
from the courts as necessary to protect any of disqus’ proprietary interests.

all claims must be brought in the parties’ individual capacity, and not as a
plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding.
you agree that, by entering into these terms, you are waiving the right to a
trial by jury or to participate in a class action.

 **any dispute resolution proceedings relating to these terms or the site will
be conducted only on an individual basis and not as a class, consolidated,
joined or representative action and the parties expressly waive all rights to
commence or participate in any class, consolidated or representative
action/proceeding. you agree that disqus’ agreement to arbitrate claims
constitutes consideration for such waiver.**

 **u.s. government entities.**

if you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the united states
using the services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the
controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do
not apply to you. for such u.s. federal government entities, these terms and
any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the united states
of america (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of
federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the
state of california (excluding choice of law).

**indemnity**

you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless disqus and its subsidiaries,
agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and their
employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any
and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and
expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) relating to your use
of service or actions taken through the service, your user content or any
other data or content transmitted or received by you; or your violation of
applicable law, third party proprietary rights or these terms.

**severability.**

in the event that any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these terms will
remain in full force and effect. disqus’ failure to enforce any right or
provision of these terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or
provision.

contact disqus:

717 market street

san francisco, ca 94103

[click here](https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466259-privacy-
policy) to view the privacy policy.

## publisher terms of service agreement

 **these publisher terms of service agreement (the, "agreement") are entered
into by and between disqus, inc. (“licensor”) and the publisher executing this
agreement electronically through the licensor’s website. therefore, in
consideration of the mutual covenants of the parties and other valuable
consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which is hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows:**

 **1.access and use.**

1.1 _access_. licensor hereby grants publisher a non-exclusive, non-
transferable right to access and use licensor’s software application,
application program interface (api), website, and software as a service, (the
“service”) during the term (as defined below). publisher may integrate the
service on any web sites owned, operated or controlled by publisher as set
forth in the service order, each an “applicable site”. publisher may add
applicable sites not set forth in the service order upon execution of an
additional service order which shall be governed by this agreement. publisher
shall not in any way deliver, transfer, or otherwise provide access to or make
available the service to any third parties except as specifically permitted by
this agreement. publisher is solely responsible for the activity that occurs
on publisher’s account, and is required to keep its account password secure.
in the event of any breach of security or unauthorized use publisher’s
account, publisher shall notify licensor immediately. licensor will not be
liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use publisher’s account.

1.2 _use_. publisher shall use the service in accordance with the terms of
this agreement and the licensor’s privacy policy. publisher shall be solely
responsible for maintaining its own equipment and establishing its own
connection via the internet to the service. in no event shall publisher, or
any third party, use the licensor’s apis to “harvest” or read in bulk the
contents of the data files used in the service, expose or otherwise make
available the licensor’s apis, including pass-through of the apis to third
parties, nor repackage the apis to make available their functionality to third
parties. publisher shall not take any action to interfere with the service or
any other user's use of the service, licensor’s host or network, including,
without limitation, via means of overloading, “flooding”, “mailbombing” or
“crashing” the service.

1.3 _updates_. the parties agree that licensor may make updates, modifications
or improvements (collectively, “updates”) to the service from time to time in
its sole discretion.

 **2\. payments and fees.** publisher shall pay licensor all fees set forth on
the service order, including any sales, excise, service, use or other taxes
now or hereafter imposed upon or required to be collected by licensor by any
authority in connection with this agreement, excluding taxes based upon
licensor's net income (collectively, the “fees”).

2.1 _paid subscription._ in the event publisher elects a paid subscription for
the service, the fees for the service shall be billed in advance monthly and
shall be due thirty (30) days from the date of invoice.the first invoicing
will occur immediately after execution of this agreement. any additional
customization or setup fees for additional integration work or work required
to add applicable sites shall be set forth on a subsequent service order form
which shall be governed by the terms of this agreement. publisher shall be
responsible for interest on all fees overdue by more than thirty (30) days
from the date on the invoice at a rate of the lesser of one and one-half
percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum rate allowable by applicable law. such
interest will accrue on a daily basis and be compounded on a monthly basis.
publisher will also be responsible for payment of all reasonable expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred by licensor in
collecting any overdue amounts.

2.2 _advertising; revenue share._ if publisher has selected a plan that is
supported by advertising, publisher agrees that licensor may include
advertisements and/or content provided by licensor and/or a third party
(collectively “ads”) as part of the service. disqus, in its sole discretion,
determines whether the publisher’s applicable site(s) are eligible to receive
payments for running advertisements. publisher agrees to comply with any
specifications that may be required by licensor from time to time to enable
proper delivery, display, tracking and/or reporting of ads. as a prerequisite
to earning revenue share, publisher shall be required to submit valid payment
information and relevant tax forms via licensor’s publisher dashboard.
licensor shall have no obligation to pay publisher in the event licensor has
not received payment from its advertisers.publisher acknowledges and accepts
the risk that third parties may generate impressions, clicks or other actions
by fraudulent or improper means (“fraudulent activity”). licensor shall have
no responsibility or liability to publisher, and shall have no obligation to
pay publisher, in connection with any fraudulent activity. licensor shall pay
publisher the revenue share due to publisher ninety (90) days from the end of
each calendar month that ads are running on the applicable site(s). licensor
shall not distribute revenue share to publisher is the amount due to publisher
is less than $100. publisher shall be required to claim revenue share from
licensor within three (3) months of the date revenue share was distributed to
publisher. in the event publisher does not claim revenue share within such
time period, licensor shall have the right to reclaim such revenue share.
licensor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, not to run ads on the
applicable site(s) for any reason, or no reason, including, but not limited
to, quality of the content or content requirements from licensor’s
advertisers.

**3\. reporting and audit rights**. in the event that publisher has a paid
subscription to use the service, the amount of such paid subscription is
determined based on the applicable site(s) page views per month (the “monthly
license fee”).publisher shall be required to track and maintain accurate
records of the number of average monthly page views per each applicable site
(“page views”) and shall provide such records of page views to licensor after
the first 60 days of the agreement, and thereafter, 15 business days prior to
the end of each twelve (12) month period. licensor shall use such records to
prepare the invoice for the following twelve (12) months’ monthly license fee
in accordance with the fee tiers set forth in the service order. licensor
shall have the right, during normal business hours, upon at least five (5)
days’ advance written notice to publisher and no more than twice annually, to
audit, examine, inspect, review and make copies or take extracts from, all
books and records of publisher relating to the tracking and reporting of page
views. if such audit reveals an under-reporting of page views by an amount
which would put publisher in a higher fee tier, than publisher shall promptly
(a) pay to licensor the difference between the amount paid and the fee tier in
which the publisher should have been; and (b) reimburse licensor for all
reasonable costs incurred by licensor in performing such audit (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees, expenses, and costs).

 **4\. data ownership and privacy**.

4.1 _data ownership._ licensor shall own all rights, title and interest in and
to the comments, content, data and information that is displayed, uploaded,
exchanged, transmitted or collected through the service as provided to the
publisher (the “disqus personal data”). licensor hereby grants publisher a
limited, non-exclusive and revocable license to use the disqus user data for
comment moderation and analytics purposes only (the “permitted purpose”).

4.2 _data processing._ for the purposes of this clause, the terms
"controller", "data subjects", "personal data", "processor", "processing", and
“supervisory authority” shall have the meaning given to them by the european
regulation 2016/679 (“gdpr”). licensor shall be the controller of the disqus
personal data, and publisher shall be the processor and (i) process disqus
personal data only in accordance with the permitted purpose. if publisher is
required to process disqus personal data for any other purpose by a law to
which publisher is subject, publisher shall inform licensor of this
requirement before the processing, unless that law prohibits this on grounds
of public interest, (ii) ensure that its personnel and subcontractors who have
access to the disqus personal data have committed themselves to
confidentiality and are aware of and comply with publisher's duties and their
personal duties and obligations under this agreement (iii) implement
appropriate technical and organizational security measures to ensure a level
of security appropriate to the risks that are presented by the processing of
disqus personal data. in case of a personal data breach which affects disqus
personal data, publisher will notify licensor without undue delay after
becoming aware of it, (iv) taking into account the nature of the processing,
assist licensor by appropriate technical and organizational measures insofar
as it is possible to fulfill licensor's obligations to respond to requests
from data subjects exercising their rights; (v) taking into account the nature
of the processing and the information available to publisher, assist licensor,
at licensor's cost, to ensure compliance with the obligations under the gdpr
with respect to security, breach notifications, impact assessments and
consultations with supervisory authorities or regulators; (vi) upon
termination of this agreement or upon licensor's request, destroy or return
all disqus personal data to licensor (unless a law requires storage of the
disqus personal data), and (vii) make available to licensor all information
reasonably necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down
in this section and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections,
conducted by licensor or an auditor mandated by licensor. licensor
acknowledges and agrees that publisher may retain its affiliates and other
third parties as sub-processors (all together "sub-processors") in connection
with the provision of the services having imposed on such sub-processors the
same data protection obligations as are imposed on publisher under this
agreement. publisher will be liable to licensor for the performance of the
sub-processors' obligations. publisher will inform licensor in advance of any
changes concerning the addition or replacement of third party processors.

4.3 _cookies_. licensor shall be permitted to drop or recognize a cookie on
the visitors to the applicable sites for the purpose of collecting disqus
personal data relating to the visitor’s activity and interaction with the
service, or content on the applicable sites, and information about the
visitor’s device id, browser type, environmental or location information, or
other similar information, as set forth in the disqus privacy policy (“disqus
cookie data”). to the extent that cookie tracking is turned on, and subject to
its compliance with applicable privacy laws (as defined below), disqus will
also cause third-party cookies to be served. publishers may choose to turn off
cookie tracking at any time, however, publisher shall not be eligible to for
ad revenue unless cookie tracking is turned on. publisher further agrees that,
to the extent cookie tracking is turned on, and to the extent required by
privacy laws, the applicable sites contain a mechanism to obtain the user’s
consent for the collection of the disqus cookie data and a “do not sell”
button for ccpa purposes.

4.4 _compliance with privacy laws._ both licensor and publisher shall comply
fully with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and government orders
relating to data protection and data privacy, including, but not limited to,
the gdpr, (collectively “privacy laws”), and will only collect, use and
disclose user data collected through the service and the applicable site(s) as
set forth in this agreement and in compliance with applicable privacy laws.
publisher will ensure that each of its applicable sites contains, a privacy
policy that complies with all privacy laws and specifically (i) discloses the
usage of third-party technology; and to the extent cookie tracking is turned
on, the data collection and usage by disqus; and (ii) contains a conspicuous
live hyperlink to give users the ability to opt out of interest-based
advertising through the service.

 **5\. intellectual property.** notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
this agreement, all intellectual property rights (a) owned or licensed by a
party before the date of this agreement and (b) created, developed or licensed
by that party after the date of this agreement independently of this agreement
shall continue to vest in that party or its licensors. publisher acknowledges
that all intellectual property rights in the service (including any
improvements, enhancements and modifications thereto), licensor’s confidential
information and any other software, data, or information provided or made
available to publisher under this agreement (together the “licensor’s
intellectual property”) shall belong to licensor and publisher shall have no
rights in or to licensor’s intellectual property other than the right to use
it in accordance with the terms of this agreement. unless otherwise agreed to
in writing, publisher shall not remove or obscure any copyright, trademark or
patent notice that appears on the service.

 **6\. confidential information**

6.1 _confidential information._ in connection with this agreement, each party
may disclose, or may learn of or have access to, certain confidential
proprietary information owned by the other party (“confidential
information”).confidential information means any non-public data or
information, oral or written, that relates to a party, or any of its business
activities, technology, developments, inventions, processes, trade secrets,
know how, source code, plans, financial information, publisher and supplier
lists, forecasts, and projections. notwithstanding the foregoing, confidential
information is deemed not to include information that: (i) is publicly
available or in the public domain at the time disclosed; (ii) is or becomes
publicly available or enters the public domain through no fault of the
receiving party; (iii) is rightfully communicated to the receiving party by
persons not bound by confidentiality obligations with respect thereto; (iv) is
already in the receiving party's possession free of any confidentiality
obligations with respect thereto; (v) can be documented as independently
developed by a party without use of any confidential information of the other
party; or (vi) is approved for release or disclosure by the disclosing party
without restriction. each party shall use reasonable measures to maintain the
confidential information of the other party in confidence and shall not
disclose, publish or copy any part of such confidential information, to any
third party.each party shall only use the confidential information of the
other party for the purpose of this agreement and shall limit disclosures to
any employees on a strict need-to-know basis.notwithstanding the foregoing, a
party may disclose confidential information of the other party pursuant to the
order or requirement of a court, administrative agency, or other governmental
body, provided that such party gives reasonable prior notice (if permissible)
to the other party to contest such order or requirement.upon request, each
party shall return to the other party, or certify the destruction of, all
confidential information of the other party.

 **7\. representations and warranties.**

7.1 _mutual representations._ each party represents and warrants to the other
party that: (i) it has the full corporate right, power and authority to enter
into this agreement and to perform the acts required of it hereunder; (ii) the
execution of this agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder,
do not and will not violate any agreement to which it is a party or by which
it is bound; and (iii) when executed and delivered, this agreement will
constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms.

7.2. _licensor representations._ licensor makes the following ongoing
representations and warranties: (i) that licensor’s software is not
contaminated by harmful code (e.g., self-propagating program instructions
commonly called viruses or worms); and (ii) that if licensor software contains
any third party software, licensor has all rights necessary to license such
software.

7.3 _publisher representations._ publisher represents and warrants to licensor
that: (i) it owns, operates, or controls all applicable sites; (ii) the
applicable sites do not contain materials that infringe or violate any third
party proprietary rights including, but not limited to, third party
intellectual property rights, or materials that violate any applicable laws,
rules, or regulations; and (iii) the applicable sites do not contain any
harmful or disabling software code, including without limitation any virus,
time-bomb or trojan horse.

7.4 _disclaimer of warranties._ except for the express warranties provided for
herein, the service, and any support services are provided to publisher “as
is” and licensor expressly disclaims all warranties, express, implied or
statutory, including but not limited to the implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement, and
any warranties arising out of course of dealing, usage, or trade. licensor
does not warrant that the service or any updates will meet publisher's
specific requirements or that the operation of the service or updates will be
completely error-free or uninterrupted. licensor shall not be liable to
publisher for any inoperability of the service or for any loss of information
or other injury, damage or disruption of any kind.

**8\. limitation of liability.** in no event will either party be liable to
the other for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages
(including without limitation loss of use, data, business or profits or costs
of cover) arising out of or in connection with this agreement or the use or
performance of the service and/or update(s), whether such liability arises
from any claim based upon contract, warranty, tort (including negligence),
product liability or otherwise, and whether or not licensor has been advised
of the possibility of such loss or damage. in no event shall licensor’s
cumulative liability to the other exceed the fees paid to licensor by
publisher during twelve (12) months preceding the incident giving rise to such
liability.

 **9.indemnification**.

9.1 _licensor._ licensor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless publisher
and its affiliates, and their respective shareholders, officers, directors,
employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all third
party claims for losses, liabilities, costs, expenses (including amounts paid
in settlement and reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses), penalties,
judgments and damages (“losses”) resulting from any claim by a third party
that the services or infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of
any third party, provided, in each case, that licensee is promptly notified in
writing of the claim; (ii) licensor has sole control of the defense and any
negotiations for the settlement of such claim; and (iii) the indemnified party
provides to licensor, at licensor’s expense, with all reasonable assistance,
information, and authority necessary to perform the above.should the services
licensor's opinion, be likely to become, the subject of a claim of
infringement, licensor may, at its option and expense, either procure for
publisher the right to continue using the services or replace or modify the
services or work product in order to make them non-infringing.

9.2 _publisher._ publisher agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
licensor, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, and
employees from and against any and all losses to the extent that such is based
upon any third party claim in connection with (i) publisher’s breach of any of
its representations or warranties made hereunder; (ii) publisher’s violation
of any applicable laws, rules or regulations, including, but not limited to,
any data protection and data privacy laws and regulations and industry
association guidelines; or (iii) publisher’s violation of any third party
intellectual property right.

**10\. term and termination**

10.1 _term._ this agreement shall commence on the effective date and shall
continue for an initial term of twelve (12) months following the launch date
(the “initial term”). after the expiration of the initial term, this agreement
shall automatically renew for additional twelve (12) month periods unless
either party gives not less than ninety (90) days’ prior written notice of its
intention not to renew (the initial term and any renewal term collectively
referred to as the “term”).

10.2 _termination._ this agreement shall terminate: (i) by a party thirty (30)
business days after the other party’s receipt of written notice that such
party is in material breach of any of the terms or conditions set forth in
this agreement, unless such party cures such breach within said thirty (30)
business days period or (ii) upon written notice if the other party becomes
insolvent, makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, files a
voluntary petition of bankruptcy, suffers or permits the appointment of a
receiver for its business or assets, becomes subject to any proceedings under
any bankruptcy or insolvency law, whether domestic or foreign, or has wound up
or liquidated its business voluntarily or otherwise, and same has not been
discharged or terminated within ninety (90) days. notwithstanding the
foregoing, licensor may immediately and without prior notice terminate or
suspend publisher’s access to the service in the event licensor reasonably
believes that continued publisher access or storage may harm the service,
expose licensor to liability or is necessary to comply with applicable law.

10.3 _obligations upon termination._ upon the effective date of expiration or
termination of this agreement for any reason, whether by publisher or
licensor, publisher’s right to use the service shall immediately cease. it is
publisher’s sole responsibility to download user data; licensor has no
obligation to make any data available to the publisher following the date of
termination. promptly upon expiration or termination of this agreement for any
reason, publisher shall pay any unpaid and outstanding fees due to licensor
that have accrued as of the date of expiration or termination and publisher
shall return to licensor, or certify the destruction of, all copies of the
licensor’s confidential information.

**11\. general provisions**

11.1 _severability and waiver._ if any provision of this agreement is held to
be void, invalid or inoperative, the remaining provisions of this agreement
shall continue in effect and the invalid portion of any provision shall be
deemed modified to the least degree necessary to remedy such invalidity while
retaining the original intent of the parties.the failure of either party to
partially or fully exercise any rights or the waiver of either party of any
breach shall not prevent a subsequent exercise of such right or be deemed a
waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other term of this
agreement.

11.2 _independent contractors._ each party to this agreement is an independent
contractor in relation to the other party with respect to all matters arising
under this agreement. nothing herein shall be deemed to establish a
partnership, joint venture, association or employment relationship between the
parties.publisher may not assign any of its rights or obligations under this
agreement to any other entity without the prior written consent of licensor,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

11.3 _assignment._ neither party may, or shall have the power to, assign this
agreement without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however,
that either party may assign its rights and obligations under this agreement
without the approval of the other party to any subsidiary or affiliate or
successor in connection with a merger, consolidation, sale of all of the
equity interests of the party, or a sale of all or substantially all of the
assets of the party to which this agreement relates; provided, that in no
event shall such assignment relieve such party of its obligations under this
agreement. subject to the foregoing, this agreement shall be binding on the
parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

11.4 _entire agreement._ this agreement, including any exhibits and schedules
attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties on this
subject matter and supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings and
agreements between the parties concerning this subject matter. neither party
will be bound by, and each party specifically objects to, any term, condition,
or other provision which is different from or in addition to the provisions of
this agreement (whether or not it would materially alter this agreement).no
amendment or modification of this agreement shall be made except by a writing
signed by both parties.

11.5 _survival._ the provisions of this agreement, which by their nature are
intended to survive after termination or expiration of this agreement shall so
survive the expiration or termination of this agreement regardless of the
reason or reasons therefore.

11.6 _freedom of action._ either party is free to enter into similar
agreements with others and may design, develop, manufacture, acquire or market
competitive products or services. either party may assign and re-assign its
employees in any way it may choose and neither party is restricted in any way
from hiring or soliciting employees of the other.

11.7 _counterparts acceptable._ this agreement may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which together
shall constitute one and the same document.

11.8 _publicity._ licensor shall be entitled, without prior consultation with
or approval of the publisher, to make press releases or other public
disclosures with respect to this transaction. publisher grants licensor a non-
exclusive license during the term to use its name and trademarks in marketing
materials, website or customer lists; provided, that publisher has the right
to notify licensor in writing if it does not agree to any of the foregoing
uses of its name and trademarks.

11.9 _force majeure._ except for payment obligations, neither party shall be
in breach of this agreement or responsible for damages caused by delay or
failure to perform, in full or in part, its obligations hereunder, provided
that there is due diligence in attempted performance under the circumstances
and that such delay or failure is due to fire, earthquake, unusually severe
weather, strikes, government sanctioned embargo, flood, act of god, act of war
or terrorism, act of any public authority or sovereign government, civil
disorder, delay or destruction caused by public carrier, or any other
circumstance substantially beyond the control of the party to be charged.

11.10 _governing law; jurisdiction._ the validity, interpretation, performance
and enforcement of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the state
of california and each party irrevocably submits to exclusive jurisdiction and
venue in the courts located in santa clara county, california. the united
nations convention on contracts for the international sales of goods shall not
apply. the remedies under this agreement shall be cumulative and not
alternative and the election of one remedy for a breach shall not preclude
pursuit of other remedies unless expressly provided otherwise in this
agreement. licensor shall be entitled to collect its reasonable attorney’s
fees, costs and expenses in any action brought to seek amounts past due or to
otherwise enforce rights hereunder.

11.11 _notice._ all notices and other communications hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered in person
(including by overnight courier) or three days after being mailed by
registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) or
sent by email, and on the date the notice is sent when sent by verified
facsimile or email, in each case to the respective parties at the address
first set forth hereto.

did this answer your question?

[
![disqus](https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/89882/04711297e4ac978e0ca1f4f2/c56345f6e580f2ddd358475bae6c43b8.png)
](/en/)

  * [features](https://disqus.com/features/)
  * [plans and pricing](https://disqus.com/pricing/)
  * [blog](http://blog.disqus.com/)
  * [api](https://disqus.com/api/)
  * [jobs](https://disqus.com/jobs)
  * [terms and policies](https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/topics/215159-terms-and-policies/articles)
  * [get support](https://disqus.com/support)
  * [status](https://status.disqus.com/)

  * [ ](https://facebook.com/disqus)
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/disqus)

![intercom](https://static.intercomassets.com/alexandria/assets/intercom-a6a6ac0f033657af1aebe2e9e15b94a3cd5eabf6ae8b9916df6ea49099a894d8.png)
[we run on intercom](https://www.intercom.com/intercom-
link?company=disqus&solution=customer-support&utm_campaign=intercom-
link&utm_content=we+run+on+intercom&utm_medium=help-
center&utm_referrer=https%3a%2f%2fhelp.disqus.com%2fen%2farticles%2f1717102-terms-
of-service&utm_source=desktop-web)

