### privacy settings

etsy uses cookies and similar technologies to give you a better experience,
enabling things like:

  * basic site functions
  * ensuring secure, safe transactions
  * secure account login
  * remembering account, browser, and regional preferences
  * remembering privacy and security settings
  * analysing site traffic and usage
  * personalized search, content, and recommendations
  * helping sellers understand their audience
  * showing relevant, targeted ads on and off etsy

detailed information can be found in etsy’s [cookies & similar technologies
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies-and-tracking-technologies) and our
[privacy policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/privacy).

## required cookies & technologies

some of the technologies we use are necessary for critical functions like
security and site integrity, account authentication, security and privacy
preferences, internal site usage and maintenance data, and to make the site
work correctly for browsing and transactions.

always on

## personalized advertising

these technologies are used for things like interest based etsy ads.

we do this with marketing and advertising partners (who may have their own
information they’ve collected). saying no will not stop you from seeing etsy
ads, but it may make them less relevant or more repetitive. find out more in
our [cookies & similar technologies
policy.](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies)

on

saved

done

[ etsy ](/?ref=lgo)

close search search for items or shops

skip to content

  * sign in 
  * [ cart 0  ](https://www.etsy.com/cart?ref=hdr-cart) cart

  * [ home favorites ](https://www.etsy.com/featured/home-decor-and-furniture?ref=homefavorites21_catnav)
  * [ jewelry & accessories  ](/c/jewelry-and-accessories?ref=catnav-10855)
  * [ clothing & shoes  ](/c/clothing-and-shoes?ref=catnav-10923)
  * [ home & living  ](/c/home-and-living?ref=catnav-891)
  * [ wedding & party  ](/c/wedding-and-party?ref=catnav-10983)
  * [ toys & entertainment  ](/c/toys-and-entertainment?ref=catnav-11049)
  * [ art & collectibles  ](/c/art-and-collectibles?ref=catnav-66)
  * [ craft supplies  ](/c/craft-supplies-and-tools?ref=catnav-562)
  * [ gifts & gift cards  ](/featured/gift-guides?ref=gift_guide_nav_promo)

take full advantage of our site features by enabling javascript. [learn
more](https://www.etsy.com/help/article/372)

## [our house rules](/legal?ref=pageheader)

get to know etsy's legal terms and policies

search our policies

search

##  [our house rules](/legal?ref=pageheader)

search our policies

search

[our house rules](/legal?ref=breadcrumb) / [ privacy policy ](?ref=breadcrumb)

  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy?ref=dropdown)
  * [terms of use](/legal/terms-of-use?ref=dropdown)
  * [buyers](/legal/section/buyers?ref=dropdown)
  * [sellers](/legal/section/sellers?ref=dropdown)
  * [third parties](/legal/section/third-party?ref=dropdown)

# privacy policy

at etsy, we care deeply about privacy. we believe in transparency, and we’re
committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat
your personal information. we know you care about your privacy too, so we
provide settings that allow you to choose how certain information is used by
etsy. this policy explains our privacy practices for etsy.com (which we’ll
refer to as the "site"), etsy’s mobile applications (the "apps"), pattern by
etsy, etsy payments, etsy’s public application program interface (the “api”),
and our other services provided by etsy, inc. or etsy ireland uc, depending on
your location ("etsy," together with "we," "us," and "our"). we'll refer to
the site, the apps, pattern by etsy, etsy payments, the api, and our other
services as the "services." if you are located outside of north or south
america, etsy ireland uc is the data controller and is responsible for your
personal information. this policy does not apply to the practices of third
parties (including other members who sell using the services or api users) who
may also collect or receive data in connection with your use of the services.

  1. our privacy policy
  2. information collected or received
  3. findability
  4. messages from etsy
  5. community
  6. information uses, sharing, & disclosure
  7. transfers
  8. security
  9. retention
  10. your rights & choices
  11. your responsibilities
  12. privacy policy changes
  13. contact

[![truste](//privacy-policy.truste.com/privacy-seal/seal?rid=277dfabe-
ec06-4077-aa68-54d0381f3f1f)](//privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=277dfabe-ec06-4077-aa68-54d0381f3f1f)

## 1\. our privacy policy

we process your personal information to run our business and provide our users
with the services. by accepting our [terms of
use](https://www.etsy.com/legal/terms-of-use) (and in some jurisdictions, by
acknowledging this policy), you confirm that you have read and understand this
policy, including how and why we use your information. if you don’t want us to
collect or process your personal information in the ways described in this
policy, you shouldn’t use the services. we are not responsible for the content
or the privacy policies or practices of any of our members, websites hosted
through pattern by etsy, or third-party websites and apps.

etsy’s [terms of use](https://www.etsy.com/legal/terms-of-use) require all
account owners to be at least 18 years of age. minors under 18 years of age
and at least 13 years of age are permitted to use etsy's services only if they
have permission and direct supervision by the owner of the account. children
under age 13 are not permitted to use the services. you are responsible for
any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account. we do not
knowingly “sell,” as that term is defined under applicable law, including the
california consumer privacy act, the personal information of minors. more
information can be found in [etsy’s minors
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/minors/).

by using the services, you acknowledge that etsy will use your information in
the united states, ireland, and any other country where etsy operates. please
be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including
the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from
those that apply in the country in which you reside. we will transfer personal
information only to those countries to which we are permitted by law to
transfer personal information as more fully described in the "transfers"
section of this policy.

## 2\. information collected or received

in the course of providing our services, we collect or receive your personal
information in a few different ways. we obtain the categories of personal
information listed below from the following sources: directly from you, for
example, from forms you complete or during registration; indirectly from you
based on your activity and interaction with our services, or from the device
or browser you use to access the services; from our vendors and suppliers that
help provide etsy services you may interact with (such as, for example, for
payments or customer support), and from our third party advertising and
marketing partners. often, you choose what information to provide, but
sometimes we require certain information to provide you the services. etsy
uses the personal information it receives and collects in accordance with the
purposes described in this policy.

you can also choose to provide information to a third party via etsy’s api.
while users of etsy’s api are required to follow etsy’s api terms of use,
including having appropriate privacy and security controls, etsy does not have
a direct partner relationship with these third parties and their processing of
information is subject to their own privacy policies. you should understand
the privacy and security practices of any third party before you share
information with them.

_registration, account setup, service usage:_ in order to use the services,
will need to submit a valid email address. if you register, you will need to
submit a name associated with your account. you may modify that name through
your account settings. you need to provide this information to enable us to
provide you with the services. additional information, such as a shop name,
billing and payment information (including billing contact name, address,
telephone number, credit card information), a telephone number, and/or a
physical postal address, may be necessary in order for us to provide a
particular service. for example, we need a physical postal address if you are
buying something on the site for delivery. as an etsy seller, if you choose to
use our payment service ("etsy payments"), etsy requires your full name,
social security number, identification id or tax id, date of birth, bank
account information, photograph, credit card information, and/or other proof
of identification in order to verify your identity, provide this service to
you, and comply with applicable law. for example, in certain markets, etsy
sellers’ imprint (including trade name or individual name as applicable), may
be displayed to buyers on etsy in order to comply with local legal
requirements. for both buyers and sellers, etsy requires this information from
you in order to provide you with the services (including, to verify ownership
of an account, to mitigate fraud and abuse, to comply with regulatory
obligations, or to complete a transaction as a buyer or seller). we may store
credit card information and other information provided to us during checkout,
for billing and payment purposes, and to process your transaction. members in
certain countries can elect to save their credit card information to
facilitate checkout for future purchases. if you're an etsy buyer in the eu,
norway, iceland, or liechtenstein, you may be asked to authenticate your
payment method when you place your order. to authenticate a payment, you will
need to respond to a prompt from your card issuer and provide additional
information, such as a correct response to a question, a password, or a
passcode. etsy may contact individual shop owners confidentially to request
more information about their shops or items listed through the services, or
may request information from buyers to ensure compliance with our policies and
applicable law. in order to use certain products or services on etsy, you may
be required to complete an application; information that you submit through
the application process will not be displayed publicly and will only be used
internally by etsy and its service providers, unless otherwise specified.

_profile:_ you may provide your name and other personal information (such as
birthday, gender, location) in connection with your account and activity. you
can edit or remove this information through your account settings. the name
associated with your account (which you may modify in your account settings)
is publicly displayed and connected to your etsy activity. other members may
see the date you joined; ratings, reviews and information relating to items
you review, and related photos for items you purchased or sold; your profile
information; items you listed for sale; your shop pages and policies; your
favorites, followers, and those you follow; sold item listings and the number
of items sold; comments you post in our community spaces; and information you
decide to share via social networks. for sellers, we may collect and use
information about you in order to feature you in marketing and advocacy
materials, and to feature you and your shop on and off the platform, as
provided for in etsy’s terms of use. from time to time, we may also ask you
about certain demographic information, such as your race, ethnicity, sexual
orientation, or gender identity, in relation to specific marketing and
advocacy projects and campaigns. providing this demographic information is
entirely voluntary and at the time we ask we will also seek your consent to
use it.

_automated information:_ etsy automatically receives and records information
from your browser or your mobile device when you visit the site, use the apps,
or use certain features of the services, such as your ip address or unique
device identifier, cookies, and data about which pages you visit and how you
interact with those pages in order to allow us to operate and provide the
services. this information is stored in log files and is collected
automatically. etsy may also receive similar information (like, for example,
ip addresses and actions taken on the device) provided by a connected internet
of things device such as a voice-activated assistant or smart tv. we may
combine this information from your browser or your mobile device with other
information that we or our advertising or marketing partners collect about
you, including across devices. this information is used to prevent fraud and
to keep the services secure, to analyze and understand how the services work
for members and visitors, and to provide advertising, including across your
devices, and a more personalized experience for members and visitors.

we also automatically collect device-specific information when you install,
access, or use our services. this information can include information such as
the hardware model, operating system information, app version, app usage and
debugging information, browser information, ip address, and device
identifiers. for more information about these online tools and how we use
them, see our [cookies & similar technologies
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies) and “information uses, sharing, &
disclosure” section below.

_data from etsy vendors and suppliers:_ we also receive information from our
vendors and suppliers about you. this information can include customer service
interactions, payments information, shipping information, and information
shared in etsy’s forums.

_data from advertising and marketing partners:_ as described below, etsy
receives information from our advertising and marketing partners about you.
this information can include attribution information via cookies and utm tags
in urls to determine where a visit to etsy comes from, responses to marketing
emails and advertisements, responses to offers, and audience information from
partners who you have given consent to share that information with us.

_location information:_ we collect information about your use of the services
for advertising, for analytics, to serve content, and to protect the services.
this can include your ip address, browser information (including referrers),
device information (such as ios idfa, idfv for limited non-advertising
purposes, android aaid, and, when enabled by you, location information
provided by your device). when you use the apps, you can choose to share your
geolocation details with etsy in order to use functions like our local
marketplace, maps, and for in-person sales (although you don't need to share
these details). you can choose to publish your location when you sell on etsy.

we obtain location information you provide in your profile or your ip address.
with your consent, we may also determine location by using other information
from your device, such as precise location information from gps or information
about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device. we use and
store information about your location to provide features and to improve and
customize the services, for example, for etsy’s internal analytics and
performance monitoring; localization, regional requirements, and policies for
the services; for local content, search results, and recommendations; for
shipping and mapping services; and (using non-precise location information)
marketing. if you have consented to share your precise device location details
but would no longer like to continue sharing that information with us, you may
revoke your consent to the sharing of that information through the settings on
the apps or on your mobile device. certain non-precise location services, such
as for security and localized policies based on your ip address or submitted
address, are critical for the site to function. we will only share your
geolocation details with third parties (like our mapping, payments, or, to the
extent applicable, advertising providers) in order to provide you with the
services. you may also choose to enable the apps to access your mobile
device’s camera to upload photographs to etsy.

_analytics information:_ we use data analytics software to ensure site and app
functionality and to improve the services. this software records information
such as how often you use the apps, what happens within the apps, aggregated
usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the
apps were downloaded from. we do not link the information we store within the
analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit
within the mobile application. for more information, see etsy's cookies and
similar technologies policy and disclosures.

_information from third parties:_ some members or visitors may choose to
connect to etsy or register an etsy account using an external third-party
application, such as facebook, or an app developed using [etsy's
api](https://www.etsy.com/developers/documentation/getting_started/api_basics).
connecting your etsy account to third-party applications or services is
optional. if you choose to connect your account to a third-party application,
it is subject to your agreements with that third party (like their terms of
use and privacy notices), and etsy can receive information from that
application. we may also collect public information in order to connect with
you, such as when we communicate with you over social media. we may use that
information as part of providing the services to you. you can also choose to
share some of your activity on etsy on certain social media networks which are
connected to your etsy account, and you can revoke your permission anytime in
your account settings. certain third-party applications that you use to create
or sign in to your account may provide you with the option to discontinue
receiving messages from us or allows you to forward those messages to another
email address. if we are unable to send you critical messages about your
account, we may suspend or terminate your account.

_non-member information:_ etsy receives or obtains information (for example,
an email address or ip address) about a person who is not yet a registered
etsy member (a “non-member”) in connection with certain etsy features, such as
when a non-member chooses to subscribe to an etsy newsletter, a member invites
a non-member to visit the site, a member uploads non-member information using
the contact uploader feature, a non-member engages in a transaction, a member
sends a gift card code to a non-member, or a non-member uses guest checkout to
make a purchase. non-member information is used only for the purposes
disclosed when it was submitted to etsy, for purposes necessary to the
functioning of etsy's services or where etsy has a legitimate interest, as
disclosed in the “information uses, sharing, & disclosure” section below, or
to facilitate action authorized by a member or the non-member.

_pattern by etsy:_ we also collect certain information from both members and
non-members who visit websites hosted by us. this information may include your
ip address or unique device identifier, and cookies and data from the pages
you visit. to learn more about websites hosted by us through pattern by etsy,
see our [pattern policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/pattern). for more
information on our use of cookies and collection of tracking information, see
our [cookies & similar technologies
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies) or “information uses, sharing, &
disclosure” section below.

## 3\. findability

you can choose to import your contacts from your mobile device or personal
email address book, or a social network account to etsy. we do not retain the
login information for your email service, mobile device, or social network
site. you can search for people you know by email address or phone number on
the site or through the contact information you import. finding your friends
on etsy helps you connect with them on our platform. for example, you can
follow another member’s public activity, such as public favorites. when you
begin following another member’s activity, they will receive an email
notification (if the member has consented to receiving this type of email).

if you do not want your contacts to be able to find you on etsy through your
email address, phone number, or social networking connections, then you can
change your findability through your account settings. if you do not wish to
be located on etsy via your name, you can remove your name and instead may use
a nickname or alias as your name in your public account information.

## 4\. messages from etsy

on occasion, etsy will need to contact you. primarily, these messages are
delivered by email, etsy messages, or by push notifications for a variety of
reasons, including marketing, transactions, advocacy, and service update
purposes. if you no longer wish to receive push notifications, you can disable
them at device level. you can opt out of receiving marketing communications
via email or messages in your account settings or by following the unsubscribe
link in any marketing email you receive. to ensure you properly receive
notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device,
such as operating system and user identification information. every account is
required to keep a valid email address on file to receive messages. etsy may
also contact you by telephone to provide member support or for transaction-
related purposes if you request that we call you. additionally, and with your
consent where required by applicable law, etsy may send you an sms (or
similar) message, or reach out to you by telephone, in order to provide you
with customer support, for research or feedback, or to provide you with
information about products and features that you may find of interest. you can
update your contact preferences in your account settings.

some messages from etsy are service-related and necessary for members and
guest checkout users. you understand and agree that etsy can send you non-
marketing emails, etsy messages, or messages, such as those related to
transactions, your account, security, or product changes. examples of service-
related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you
register your account, notification of an order, service availability,
modification of key features or functions, relaying messages with buyers, and
correspondence with etsy’s support team (including by chat interface or the
other methods of communication as described above).

when you register for an account, subscribe to a newsletter, or provide us
with your email address or phone number such as for a guest checkout purchase,
you receive notice of and agree (in some jurisdictions and situations, by an
additional unambiguous consent) to receive marketing emails and messages from
us. you can unsubscribe at any time from marketing emails or messages through
the opt-out link included in marketing emails or messages. members can also
control which marketing emails or messages they receive from etsy through
their account settings. please note that some changes to your account settings
may take a few days to take effect.

a contact-importer feature is available to help you locate and connect with
your friends and contacts who may be members of etsy (see the "findability"
section above for more information). if someone in your contact list is not
already a member, you may invite them to join etsy, and an email will be sent
to them on your behalf. recipients of email invitations may opt out of
receiving future invitations by following instructions in the email invitation
message. you may send an invitation only to someone who has given you consent
to receive one.

## 5\. community

etsy is a marketplace and a community. we offer several features that allow
members to connect and communicate in public or semi-public spaces, such as
forums and teams, which are a part of the etsy community space. you don't have
to use these features, but if you do, please use common sense and good
judgment when posting in these community spaces or sharing your personal
information with others through the services. be aware that any personal
information that you choose to submit there can be read, collected, or used by
others, or could be used to send unsolicited messages to you. we engage
certain third parties to assist in providing community services to you and, in
the context of that relationship, we need to share some of your information
with such third parties in order to provide that service. this may include,
for example, information from your etsy account that is publicly available,
your account’s status, your forum posts and team memberships, your etsy
username and/or shop name, the display name you’ve optionally chosen to share
publicly in your etsy account, avatar image, the date that you registered on
etsy, as well as your language and regional settings on the site. if you close
your etsy account, your community account, which allows you to post in forums,
will also be closed and related personal information will be deleted. however,
your posts may remain public after your account is closed, although your name
will no longer be displayed alongside the post. you are responsible for the
personal information that you choose to post in community spaces through the
services. you can set your privacy preferences and download your data in your
community settings, and close or delete your community account by submitting a
request to etsy.

another member may follow your public activity on the site to receive updates,
such as when you add an item to your public favorites. you may choose to make
certain activities private through your account settings. you have the option
to block any member with whom you do not wish to share your updates.

## 6\. information uses, sharing, & disclosure

we respect your privacy. etsy will not disclose your name, email address, or
other personal information to third parties without your consent, except as
specified in this policy.

you can control your privacy settings through the opt-out buttons in your
account settings privacy tab, and the privacy settings link in the footer of
most site pages and our homepage. please note that some changes to your
privacy settings may take a few days to take effect. we or our sellers may
advertise our services or our sellers’ products through a variety of different
mediums and rely on your consent to do so off-site.

**legal bases**

when you access or use the services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise
process your personal information for the purposes described in this policy.
we rely on a number of legal bases to use your information in these ways.
these legal bases include where:

  * necessary to perform the contractual obligations in our terms of use and in order to provide the services to you;
  * you have consented to the processing, which you can revoke at any time;
  * necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend any impending or asserted legal claims; 
  * necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, members, or partners (described in more detail below);
  * you have expressly made the information public; 
  * necessary in the public interest, such as to prevent crime; and
  * occasionally necessary to protect your vital interests or those of others (in rare cases where we may need to share information to prevent loss of life or personal injury).

we principally rely on consent (which can be withdrawn at anytime) (i) to send
marketing messages, (ii) for third-party data sharing related to advertising,
and, to the extent applicable, (iii) for the use of location data for
advertising purposes.

we rely on consent for targeted online and offline marketing including through
tools like [facebook custom
audience](https://www.facebook.com/business/learn/facebook-ads-reach-existing-
customers) and [google customer match](https://support.google.com/google-
ads/answer/7474263). we or our sellers may advertise our services or our
sellers’ products through a variety of different mediums and rely on your
consent to do so off-site. as part of this, we may work with advertising
partners such as facebook, google, and other partners disclosed in our
[cookies and similar technology policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies/).
these partners have their own privacy policies and consent mechanisms for
their customers, in addition to etsy’s controls. you may see the privacy
policies and privacy choices for these partners, and the information you share
with them, in our [cookies and similar technology
disclosures](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies-disclosures).

etsy may also use first party data (e.g. your prior shopping and browsing
patterns on our site), and may combine it with other data collected from you,
such as your location, or publicly available information, to permit us to
create targeted audiences based on your known or inferred demographic and/or
interests to provide you with more relevant and useful advertising on our
site, in our direct marketing channels (like email), or with our off site
marketing partners, like google and facebook, subject to their terms and
privacy notice you agreed to with such partners .

**our legitimate interests**

where we process your information on the basis of legitimate interests, we do
so as follows:

_providing and improving our services:_ we use your information to improve and
customize our services, including sharing your information for such purposes,
and we do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of
improving our services for our users. this is also necessary to enable us to
pursue our legitimate interests in understanding how our services are being
used, and to explore and unlock ways to develop and grow our business. it is
also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our
services, efficiency, interest in services for users, and obtaining insights
into usage patterns of our services. as a core part of our services, we have a
legitimate interest in customizing your on-site experience to help you search
for and discover relevant items and recommended purchases, including using
this information to help sellers find the best ways to market and sell their
products on etsy.

_providing marketing communications:_ we rely on our legitimate interest to
send you marketing messages (where permitted independent of consent) and for
etsy's advertising programs (including etsy’s on-site advertising and
marketing).

_keeping our services safe and secure:_ we use your information for safety and
security purposes, which can include sharing your information for such
purposes, and we do so because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate
interests or those of a third party in ensuring the security of our services,
preventing harm to individuals or property, or crime, enforcing or defending
legal rights, or preventing damage to etsy’s systems, or those of our users or
our partners. this includes enhancing protection of our community against
spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security
risks of all kinds. we use your information to provide and improve the
services, for billing and payments, for identification and authentication, and
for general research and aggregate reporting. for example, in accordance with
our existing [case resolution
process](https://www.etsy.com/legal/policy/cases-for-sellers/242641420379), we
may use information you provide to resolve disputes with etsy or other
members.

_buying and selling:_ as part of the buying and selling process, etsy will
facilitate the sharing of information between the two members involved in the
transaction, such as the other etsy member's shipping address and payment
status. this can also involve us sharing your information with some of our
third party partners such as our shipping and payment partners to enable us to
provide the service to you. such partners will process your personal
information in accordance with their own privacy policies. in some instances,
while they are subject to etsy’s privacy and security requirements for
vendors, these partners, not etsy, are responsible for the protection of
personal information under their control. by making a sale or a purchase on
etsy, you are directing us to share your information in this way. since this
is an important part of the services we provide, we need to do this in order
to perform our obligations under our terms of use. we expect you to respect
the privacy of the member whose information you have received. as described in
etsy's [terms of use](https://www.etsy.com/legal/terms), you have a limited
license to use that information only for etsy-related communications or for
etsy-facilitated transactions. etsy has not granted a license to you to use
the information for unauthorized transactions or sending unsolicited
commercial messages in violation of any applicable laws, including any consent
requirements of the jurisdiction of the recipient. you should only add a
member to your email or physical mailing list or otherwise use or store a
member’s personal information in accordance with applicable laws, including
any consent requirements that apply in that member's jurisdiction.

_site customization:_ we may learn about the types of products that you’re
interested in from your browsing and purchasing behavior on (and off) the site
or apps and use such information to suggest potential purchases as a result.
as a core part of our services, we have a legitimate interest in customizing
your on-site experience to help you search for and discover relevant items and
recommended purchases, including using this information to help sellers find
the best ways to market and sell their products on etsy.

_legal and safety:_ etsy may also retain, preserve, or release your personal
information to a third party in the following limited circumstances: in
response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet
legitimate national security or law enforcement requirements; to protect,
establish, or exercise our legal rights or defend against impending or
asserted legal claims, including to collect a debt, or a material violation of
our policies (including our intellectual property policy); to comply with a
subpoena, court order, legal process, regulation, or other legal requirement;
or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary
to comply with the law, prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or
investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected
fraud, threats to our rights or property, or violations of etsy's [terms of
use](https://www.etsy.com/legal/terms). for example, if permitted due to the
forgoing circumstances, your information may be shared with tax authorities or
other governmental agencies. in the cases set out above, our use of your
information may be necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s
legitimate interest in keeping our services secure, preventing harm or crime,
enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage. such use may also
be necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise
or defend legal claims or to facilitate the collection of taxes and prevention
of tax fraud. it may also be necessary in the public interest (such as to
prevent crime) or to protect vital interests (in rare cases where we may need
to share information to prevent loss of life or personal injury).

if etsy receives a lawful, verified request for a member’s records or
information in one of the limited circumstances described in the previous
paragraph, etsy may disclose personal information, which may include, but may
not be limited to, a member’s name, address, phone number, email address,
company/trading name and, where appropriate, bank account and transaction
details. find out more about how etsy responds to requests for records or
information about members of etsy’s community in our [requests for information
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/requests-for-information).

_affiliated businesses:_ etsy is affiliated with a variety of businesses and
works closely with them for a variety of purposes, including assisting us to
perform and improve the services. these businesses may sell items or services
to you through the services or, with your consent, offer promotions (including
email promotions) to you. etsy also provides services or sells products
jointly with affiliated businesses, including providing you with the
opportunity to sign up with such partners and allow them to more effectively
market to you. when an affiliated business assists in facilitating your
transaction, we may need to share information related to the transaction with
that affiliated business in order to facilitate your transaction, and this
forms part of the services we provide in accordance with our terms of use. we
rely on consent (which can be withdrawn at any time) to send marketing
messages and for third-party sharing relating to advertising. as part of this,
we may work with advertising partners such as facebook or google, and we may
use analytics aggregated from usage information including, for example, search
keywords, favorites, browsing history, and purchase history.

_aggregated information:_ etsy may share demographic information with business
partners, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized so that personal
information is not revealed.

_service providers:_ etsy also needs to engage third-party companies and
individuals (such as research companies, and analytics and security providers)
to help us operate, provide, and market the services. these third parties have
only limited access to your information, may use your information only to
perform these tasks on our behalf, and are obligated to etsy not to disclose
or use your information for other purposes. our engagement of service
providers is often necessary for us to provide the services to you,
particularly where such companies play important roles like helping us keep
our service operating and secure. in some other cases, these service providers
aren’t strictly necessary for us to provide the services, but help us make it
better, like by helping us conduct research into how we could better serve our
users. in these latter cases, we have a legitimate interest in working with
service providers to make our services better.

_business reorganization:_ in some cases, etsy may choose to buy or sell
assets. such transactions may be necessary and in our legitimate interests,
particularly our interest in making decisions that enable our business to
develop over the long term. in these types of transactions (such as a sale,
merger, liquidation, receivership, or transfer of all or substantially all of
etsy’s assets), member information is typically one of the business assets
that is transferred. if etsy intends to transfer information about you, etsy
will notify you by email or by putting a prominent notice on the site and the
app, and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt out before information
about you becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

_third parties:_ third-party plug-ins also collect information about your use
of the site. for example, when you load a page on etsy that has a social plug-
in from a third-party site or service, such as a “like” or “send” button, you
are also loading content from that third-party site. that site may request
cookies directly from your browser. these interactions are subject to the
privacy policy of the third-party site. in addition, certain cookies and other
similar technologies on the site are used by third parties for targeted online
marketing and other purposes. these technologies allow a partner to recognize
your computer or mobile device each time you use the services. please be aware
that when you use third-party sites or services, their own terms and privacy
policies will govern your use of those sites or services. etsy chooses and
manages these third-party technologies placed on its sites and apps. however,
these are third-party technologies, and they are subject to that third party's
privacy policy. for more information, see our [cookies & similar technologies
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies). we rely on your consent to drop
and read these cookies when not technically necessary or when not required
based on another purpose such as legitimate interest.

this policy does not apply to the practices of third parties (such as other
members who sell using the services, certain third-party providers on whom we
rely to provide certain services, or api users) that etsy does not own or
control or individuals that etsy does not employ or manage, except as
otherwise provided for in the terms or as required by law. if you provide your
information to such third parties in connection with your use of the services,
different practices may apply to the use or disclosure of the information that
you provide to them. while etsy requires these third parties to follow etsy’s
privacy and security requirements, etsy does not control the privacy or
security policies of such third parties. to the full extent applicable in your
jurisdiction, etsy is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of
these sellers, api users, or other websites on the internet, even those linked
to or from the services. we encourage you to read the privacy policies and ask
questions of third parties before you disclose your personal information to
them. for the purposes of european law, these sellers, third party providers,
and api users are independent controllers of data, which means that they are
responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to
any personal information they obtain in connection with the services.

## 7\. transfers

etsy operates a global service. if you reside outside of north or south
america, your personal information is controlled by etsy ireland uc. by using
our services, you understand that etsy ireland uc may share some of the
information it gathers with etsy, inc. (its us parent company) or other etsy
affiliates for purposes described in this privacy policy, including for id
verification, transaction reviews, and payment processing.

the united states, european economic area (“eea”) member states, and other
countries all have different laws. when your information is moved from your
home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal
information in the country to which your information is transferred may be
different from those in the country in which you live. for example, the
circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal information may
vary from country to country. in particular, if your information is in the us,
it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with us law.

to the extent that etsy is deemed to transfer personal information outside of
the eea, we rely separately, alternatively, and independently on the following
legal bases to transfer your information:

### model clauses

the european commission has adopted standard contractual clauses (also known
as model clauses), which provide safeguards for personal information that is
transferred outside of europe. we often use these model clauses when
transferring personal information outside of europe. you can request a copy of
our model clauses by emailing legal@etsy.com.

### necessary for the performance of the contract between etsy and its members

etsy provides a voluntary service; you can choose whether or not to use the
services. as we operate in countries worldwide and use technical
infrastructure in the u.s. to deliver the services to you, in accordance with
the contract between us (our [terms of
use](https://www.etsy.com/legal/terms)), we need to transfer your personal
information to the u.s. and to other jurisdictions as necessary to provide the
services. simply put, we can’t provide you with the services and perform our
contract with you without moving your personal information around the world.

## 8\. security

the security of your personal information is important to us. we follow
generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information
submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received, for
example encryption is used for certain information (such as credit card
numbers) using tls (transport layer security). unfortunately, no method of
transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.

your account information is protected by a password. it is important that you
protect against unauthorized access to your account and information by
choosing your password carefully and by keeping your password and computer
secure, such as by signing out after using the services. etsy offers advanced
security features and settings for members, such as two-factor authentication
for signing in, and sign in history and notifications; you can view more
information in your account settings.

if you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you
can contact us at legal@etsy.com.

## 9\. retention

etsy will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the
purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active (i.e.,
for the lifetime of your etsy member account), or as needed to provide the
services to you. if you no longer want etsy to use your information to provide
the services to you, you may close your account. etsy will retain and use your
information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for
example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with
applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as
otherwise described in this policy. in addition, etsy sellers may also be
required to retain and use your information in order to comply with their own
legal obligations. please note that closing your account may not free up your
email address, username, or shop name (if any) for reuse on a new account. we
also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. these log files are
generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are
used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are
legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods.

## 10\. your rights & choices

certain privacy laws around the world, including the european general data
protection regulation (gdpr) and the california consumer privacy act (ccpa),
provide users with rights related to their personal information. consistent
with those laws, etsy gives you the choice of accessing, editing, or removing
certain information, as well as choices about how we contact you. you may
change or correct your etsy account information through your account settings.
you may also remove certain optional information that you no longer wish to be
publicly visible through the services, such as your name. you can also request
to permanently close your account and delete your personal information.
depending on your location, you may also benefit from a number of rights with
respect to your information. while some of these rights apply generally,
certain rights apply in limited cases.

  * **right to access & portability**: you can access certain personal information associated with your account by visiting your account privacy settings. you can request a copy of your personal information in an easily accessible format and information explaining how that information is used. see this [help center article](https://help.etsy.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035753053-how-do-i-download-my-etsy-data-) for more information.
  * **right to correction** : you have the right to request that we rectify inaccurate information about you. by visiting your account settings, you can correct and change certain personal information associated with your account.
  * **right to restrict processing** : in certain cases where we process your information, you may also have the right to restrict or limit the ways in which we use your personal information.
  * **right to deletion** : in certain circumstances, you have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, except information we are required to retain by law, regulation, or to protect the safety, security, and integrity of etsy. see this [help center article](https://help.etsy.com/hc/en-us/articles/360021647754-can-i-permanently-delete-my-etsy-account-) for more information.
  * **right to object** : if we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. in such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. where we use your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you can object using the unsubscribe link in such communications or changing your account email settings. 
  * **right to withdraw consent** : where we rely on consent, you can choose to withdraw your consent to our processing of your information using specific features provided to enable you to withdraw consent, like an email unsubscribe link or your account privacy preferences. if you have consented to share your precise device location details but would no longer like to continue sharing that information with us, you can revoke your consent to the sharing of that information through the settings on your mobile device. this is without prejudice to your right to generally permanently close your account and delete your personal information. 

the ccpa provides california residents with the following additional rights:

  * **right to know** : california residents may request disclosure of the specific pieces and/or categories of personal information that the business has collected about them, the categories of sources for that personal information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, the categories of personal information that we have disclosed, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. 
  * **right to opt-out** : to the extent that etsy “sells” personal information(as that term is defined under the ccpa), california residents are entitled to opt-out of the “sale” of data at any time (see below for more information). 

if you would like to manage, change, limit, or delete your personal
information, you can do so via your etsy account settings. alternatively, you
can exercise any of the rights above by contacting us by submitting a message
through our contact form available in our [help
center](https://help.etsy.com/hc/en-us/requests/new), chat support, or through
any other channels available via our [help
center](https://help.etsy.com/hc/en-us/requests/new). once you contact us to
exercise any of your rights, we will confirm receipt of your request.

limiting use of, or deleting, your personal information may impact features
and uses that rely on that information. however, we will not discriminate
against you for exercising any of your rights, including otherwise denying you
goods or services, providing you with a different level or quality of
services, or charging you different prices or rates for services. if you need
further assistance, you can contact etsy through one of the channels listed
below under “contact”. we will respond to your request within a reasonable
timeframe.

please note that we may verify your identity before we are able to process any
of the requests described in this section, and in our discretion, deny your
request if we are unable to verify your identity. as a part of this process,
government or other identification may be required. you may designate an
authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. in order to designate an
authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid
power of attorney, the requester’s valid government issued identification, and
the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification, and we may
verify the authenticity of the request directly with you.

**email & messages**

you may also control the receipt of certain types of communications from etsy
in your account settings. etsy may send you messages about the services or
your activity. some of these messages are required, service-related messages
for members (such as transactional messages or legal notices). other messages
are not required, such as newsletters. you can control which optional messages
you choose to receive by changing your account settings, and you can learn
more in the “messages from etsy” section of this policy. if you no longer wish
to use the services or receive service-related messages (except for legally
required notices), then you may close your account. [click
here](https://help.etsy.com/hc/en-us/articles/115015693707) to learn how to
close your account.

**cookies**

we use both technically necessary (for the functioning and security of the
services) and non-technically necessary cookies and similar technologies. a
more detailed explanation of the technologies we use, and how to opt out when
applicable, can be found in [etsy’s cookies & similar technologies
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies).

**additional disclosures for california residents**

_notice of collection_

in addition to the rights & choices described above, the ccpa requires
disclosure of the categories of personal information collected over the past
12 months. while this information is provided in greater detail in the
“information collected or received section above, the categories of personal
information that we have collected – as described by the ccpa – are:

  * identifiers, including name, email address, shop name, ip address, and an id or number assigned to your account.
  * other individual records such as phone number, billing address, or credit or debit card information. this category includes personal information protected under pre-existing california law (cal. civ. code 1798.80(e)), and overlaps with other categories listed here.
  * demographics, such as your age or gender, or, where you have provided such information to etsy voluntarily, demographic information about your race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or gender identity, provided in relation to specific marketing and advocacy projects and campaigns.this category includes data that may qualify as protected classifications under other california or federal laws.
  * commercial information, including purchases and engagement with the services.
  * internet activity, including your interactions with our services and what led you to our services.
  * sensory visual data, such as pictures posted on our service.
  * geolocation data provided through location enabled services such as wifi and gps.
  * inferences, including information about your interests, preferences and favorites.

_the purposes for our collection_

we collect and use these categories of personal information for our business
and commercial purposes described in the “information uses, sharing and
disclosure” section above, including providing and improving the services,
maintaining the safety and security of the services, processing purchase and
sale transactions, and for advertising and marketing services.

_third party marketing and advertising and your rights (opt-out of “sale”)_

etsy does not sell personal information to third parties for monetary value.
however, the term “sale” is defined broadly under the california consumer
privacy act. to the extent that “sale” under the ccpa is interpreted to
include interest based advertising or other data uses described in the
“information uses, sharing and disclosure” section above, we will comply with
applicable law as to those activities. you can read more in our [cookies &
similar technologies policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies).

to opt-out of receiving interest based advertising, you can exercise your
choice by using your account privacy settings, or the general privacy settings
link located at the footer of our homepage and most pages of the site. the
right to opt-out of interest based advertising is available to all etsy users.

_do not track signals_

your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “do not track”
signal to online services you visit. note, however, there is no industry
consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these
signals. accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to
do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “do not track”
signals. for more information on “do not track,” visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com.

_shine the light_

california law entitles residents to ask for a notice describing what
categories of personal information we share with third parties for their own
direct marketing purposes. other than to sellers on etsy (see “buying and
selling” under the “information uses, sharing and disclosure” section above),
who must obtain your separate consent for their own marketing off of etsy, or
unless you request us to or consent to it, etsy does not share any personal
information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. if you
have questions about these practices, you can contact us through one of the
channels listed in the “contact” section below. for information on interest
based advertising with etsy and how your information is used for marketing,
see etsy’s [cookies & similar technologies
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/cookies).

_accessibility_

if you have a disability and would like to access this policy in an
alternative format, please contact us using one of the channels listed in the
“contact” section below.

## 11\. your responsibilities

if you sell using our services or use [etsy’s
api](https://www.etsy.com/developers/documentation/getting_started/api_basics),
you may receive and determine what to do with certain personal information.
your privacy responsibilities, including when you act as an independent data
controller (someone who decides what personal data to collect and the purpose
you use the data for) are laid out in the [etsy seller
policy](https://www.etsy.com/legal/sellers/) and the [etsy api terms of
use](https://www.etsy.com/developers/terms-of-use).

## 12\. privacy policy changes

we may amend or update this policy from time to time. if we believe that the
changes are material, we’ll let you know by doing one (or more) of the
following: (i) posting the changes on or through the services, (ii) sending
you an email or message about the changes, or (iii) posting an update in the
version notes on the apps’ platform. we encourage you to check back regularly
and review any updates.

## 13\. contact

if you have any questions:

contact etsy’s support team [via our help
center](https://www.etsy.com/help/contact)

send an email to etsy's data protection officer at dpo@etsy.com

write to us at one of the following addresses:

_in north america or south america:_  
etsy support team – privacy policy  
117 adams street  
brooklyn, ny 11201, usa

_outside of north america or south america:_  
etsy support team – privacy policy  
66/67 great strand street  
dublin 1 ireland

if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
addressed satisfactorily, you may contact our us-based third-party dispute
resolution provider (free of charge) at <https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request>.

without prejudice to any other rights you may have, if you are located outside
of north america or south america, you also have the right to file a complaint
against etsy with the irish data protection commission ("dpc"), which is
etsy’s lead supervisory authority. the dpc’s contact details are:

data protection commissioner  
21 fitzwilliam square south  
dublin 2, d02 rd28, ireland  
phone: +353 (0761) 104 800  
webform: https://forms.dataprotection.ie/contact email: info@dataprotection.ie

if you live in the eea, you may also file a complaint with your local data
protection regulator.

last updated on nov 27, 2020

##  footer

yes! send me exclusive offers, unique gift ideas, and personalized tips for
shopping and selling on etsy.

enter your email

subscribe

please enter a valid email address.

looks like you already have an account! please [log
in](/signin?from_page=https%3a%2f%2fwww.etsy.com%2flegal%2fprivacy&workflow=c3vic2nyawjlx3rvx2vtywlsx2xpc3q6bmv3x2f0x2v0c3k6mtyxndq4nzmwmtplzjuyztu5njnlodg3ntq3ody2njvmowyyndjjntc2zg==)
to subscribe.

you've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your
address.
[register](/join?from_url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.etsy.com%2flegal%2fprivacy) to
confirm your address.

you've been successfully signed up!

great! we've sent you an email to confirm your subscription.

there was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter.

###  shop

shop

  * [ gift cards ](https://www.etsy.com/giftcards?ref=ftr)
  * [ etsy blog ](/blog/en/?ref=ftr)

###  sell

sell

  * [ sell on etsy ](https://www.etsy.com/sell?ref=ftr)
  * [ teams ](https://www.etsy.com/sso-community?return_to=https%3a%2f%2fcommunity.etsy.com%2ft5%2fetsy-teams%2fct-p%2fteams)
  * [ forums ](https://www.etsy.com/sso-community?return_to=https%3a%2f%2fcommunity.etsy.com%2ft5%2fetsy-forums%2fct-p%2fforums)
  * [ affiliates ](https://www.etsy.com/affiliates?ref=ftr)

###  about

about

  * [ etsy, inc. ](https://www.etsy.com/about?ref=ftr)
  * [ policies ](https://www.etsy.com/legal?ref=ftr)
  * [ investors ](https://investors.etsy.com)
  * [ careers ](https://www.etsy.com/careers?ref=ftr)
  * [ press ](https://www.etsy.com/press?ref=ftr)
  * [ impact ](https://www.etsy.com/impact?ref=ftr)

###  help

help

  * [ help center ](https://www.etsy.com/help?ref=ftr)
  * [ trust and safety ](https://www.etsy.com/support-and-trust?ref=ftr)
  * privacy settings

[ download the etsy app ](https://etsy.app.link/d7ndudp49v)

  * [ instagram ](/social-tracking?network=instagram)
  * [ facebook ](/social-tracking?network=facebook)
  * [ pinterest ](/social-tracking?network=pinterest)
  * [ twitter ](/social-tracking?network=twitter)
  * [ youtube ](/social-tracking?network=youtube)

us   united states   |   english (us)   |   $ (usd) [ us   united states   |
english (us)   |   $ (usd)
](https://www.etsy.com/your/account/locale_preferences?from_page=https%3a%2f%2fwww.etsy.com%2flegal%2fprivacy)

(c) 2021 etsy, inc.

  * [ terms of use ](/legal/terms-of-use?ref=ftr)
  * [ privacy ](/legal/privacy/?ref=ftr)
  * [ interest-based ads ](/legal/policy/cookies-tracking-technologies/44797645975?ref=ftr)

# update your settings

set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. [learn
more.](https://www.etsy.com/help/article/493)

region

australia canada france germany greece ireland italy japan new zealand poland
portugal russia spain the netherlands united kingdom united states afghanistan
albania algeria american samoa andorra angola anguilla antigua and barbuda
argentina armenia aruba australia austria azerbaijan bahamas bahrain
bangladesh barbados belarus belgium belize benin bermuda bhutan bolivia bosnia
and herzegovina botswana bouvet island brazil british indian ocean territory
british virgin islands brunei bulgaria burkina faso burundi cambodia cameroon
canada cape verde cayman islands central african republic chad chile china
christmas island cocos (keeling) islands colombia comoros congo, republic of
cook islands costa rica croatia curaçao cyprus czech republic denmark djibouti
dominica dominican republic ecuador egypt el salvador equatorial guinea
eritrea estonia ethiopia falkland islands (malvinas) faroe islands fiji
finland france french guiana french polynesia french southern territories
gabon gambia georgia germany ghana gibraltar greece greenland grenada
guadeloupe guam guatemala guinea guinea-bissau guyana haiti heard island and
mcdonald islands holy see (vatican city state) honduras hong kong hungary
iceland india indonesia iraq ireland isle of man israel italy ivory coast
jamaica japan jordan kazakhstan kenya kiribati kosovo kuwait kyrgyzstan laos
latvia lebanon lesotho liberia libya liechtenstein lithuania luxembourg macao
macedonia madagascar malawi malaysia maldives mali malta marshall islands
martinique mauritania mauritius mayotte mexico micronesia, federated states of
moldova monaco mongolia montenegro montserrat morocco mozambique myanmar
(burma) namibia nauru nepal netherlands antilles new caledonia new zealand
nicaragua niger nigeria niue norfolk island northern mariana islands norway
oman pakistan palau palestinian territory, occupied panama papua new guinea
paraguay peru philippines poland portugal puerto rico qatar reunion romania
russia rwanda saint helena saint kitts and nevis saint lucia saint martin
(french part) saint pierre and miquelon saint vincent and the grenadines samoa
san marino sao tome and principe saudi arabia senegal serbia seychelles sierra
leone singapore sint maarten (dutch part) slovakia slovenia solomon islands
somalia south africa south georgia and the south sandwich islands south korea
south sudan spain sri lanka sudan suriname svalbard and jan mayen swaziland
sweden switzerland taiwan tajikistan tanzania thailand the netherlands timor-
leste togo tokelau tonga trinidad tunisia turkey turkmenistan turks and caicos
islands tuvalu uganda ukraine united arab emirates united kingdom united
states united states minor outlying islands uruguay u.s. virgin islands
uzbekistan vanuatu venezuela vietnam wallis and futuna western sahara yemen
zaire (democratic republic of congo) zambia zimbabwe

language

deutsch english (uk) english (us) español français italiano 日本語 nederlands
polski português русский

currency

$ united states dollar (usd) $ canadian dollar (cad) € euro (eur) £ british
pound (gbp) $ australian dollar (aud) ¥ japanese yen (jpy) ¥ chinese yuan
(cny) kč czech koruna (czk) kr danish krone (dkk) $ hong kong dollar (hkd) ft
hungarian forint (huf) rp indonesian rupiah (idr) ₪ israeli shekel (ils) rm
malaysian ringgit (myr) $ mexican peso (mxn) dh moroccan dirham (mad) $ new
zealand dollar (nzd) kr norwegian krone (nok) ₱ philippine peso (php) $
singapore dollar (sgd) ₫ vietnamese dong (vnd) r south african rand (zar) kr
swedish krona (sek) swiss franc (chf) ฿ thai baht (thb) nt$ taiwan new dollar
(twd) ₺ turkish lira (try) zł polish zloty (pln) r$ brazilian real (brl)

cancel  loading  save

loading

