evernote uses cookies to enable the evernote service and to improve your
experience with us. to learn more, check out our [cookie
policy](/privacy/cookies). by clicking ok or continuing to use our site, you
agree that we can place these cookies.

ok

click ok to return to yinxiang.com

[ok](https://www.yinxiang.com/)

[ evernote ![](/img/logo/evernote/primary.svg) ](/)

  * [why evernote](/why-evernote)
  * features

[

#### sync and organize

keep your notes handy

](/features/notes-app) [

#### web clipper

a save button for the web

](/features/webclipper) [

#### templates

create better notes, faster

](/templates) [

#### pdf & doc search

find information anywhere

](/features/pdf-document-search) [

#### spaces

bring your team together

](/features/spaces) [

#### search handwriting

find text in any note

](/features/search-handwriting) [

#### document scanning

go paperless with evernote

](/features/document-scanning) [

#### app integrations

connect your favorite apps

](/integrations)

  * [plans](/compare-plans)

[

#### evernote basic

take great notes and find what you need fast.

free

](/basic) [

#### evernote premium

manage your day-to-day and stay organized on the go.

$7.99 / month

](/premium) [

#### evernote business

collaborate more effectively with powerful administrative tools.

$14.99 / user / month

](/business)

[compare plans →](/compare-plans)

  * [help](https://help.evernote.com/hc)
  * [log in](https://www.evernote.com/login.action)
  * [download](/download)

![](/img/icons/nav-open-tablet.svg)

[ evernote ![](/img/logo/evernote/primary.svg) ](/)

![](/img/icons/nav-close-tablet.svg)

  * [why evernote](/why-evernote)
  * features

[

#### sync and organize

keep your notes handy

](/features/notes-app) [

#### web clipper

a save button for the web

](/features/webclipper) [

#### templates

create better notes, faster

](/templates) [

#### pdf & doc search

find information anywhere

](/features/pdf-document-search) [

#### spaces

bring your team together

](/features/spaces) [

#### search handwriting

find text in any note

](/features/search-handwriting) [

#### document scanning

go paperless with evernote

](/features/document-scanning) [

#### app integrations

connect your favorite apps

](/integrations)

  * plans

[

#### evernote basic

take great notes and find what you need fast.

free

](/basic) [

#### evernote premium

manage your day-to-day and stay organized on the go.

$7.99 / month

](/premium) [

#### evernote business

collaborate more effectively with powerful administrative tools.

$14.99 / user / month

](/business)

  * [help](https://help.evernote.com/hc)
  * [log in](https://www.evernote.com/login.action)

[ download ](/download)

# privacy policy

  * [privacy overview](/privacy)
  * [privacy policy](/privacy/policy)
  * [gdpr](/privacy/gdpr)
  * [cookie information](/privacy/cookies)
  * [data usage](/privacy/data-usage)
  * [transparency report](/privacy/transparency-report)
  * [third party applications ](/privacy/third-party-apps)
  * [vendors](/privacy/vendors)
  * [job applicants](/privacy/job-applicants)
  * [updates](/privacy/updates)
  * [legal home](/legal)

**effective date: january 1, 2020 –[what’s new >>](/privacy/updates)**

for a prior version of our privacy policy, click
[here](/c/legal/2018-05-25-evernote-privacy-policy.pdf).

**in the event of a conflict, the english language version shall govern.**

**[return to privacy center](/privacy)**

## introduction

as we state in our [3 laws of data protection](/privacy), we are committed to
protecting the privacy of your data. this privacy policy explains more
specifically what information evernote corporation and its group companies
(together, “evernote,” “we” or “us”) collect, use, and disclose about you when
you access or use our websites and applications, which we refer to
collectively as “the service,” contact our customer service team, engage with
us on social media, or otherwise interact with us. the service includes the
evernote software.

please note, if you use evernote basic, plus, or premium, you are both the
account holder and end user of an evernote service account. if you use
evernote business, the account holder is the customer who has contracted with
evernote as defined in our [evernote business agreement](/legal/business) and
the end users are the individuals whose user accounts are linked to that
evernote business account. you can find these and other defined terms used in
this policy in our glossary at the end of this page.

if you are an end user of an evernote business account, please note that the
account holder of your evernote business account (such as your employer or
organization) may have established its own rules regarding end users’ access,
use, disclosure, or retention of data stored in that account. also note that
while an administrator of an evernote business account has access to the end
user accounts linked to that evernote business account, an administrator
cannot access any other accounts that are not linked to the evernote business
account. you can find more information on how your personal evernote service
account works with your evernote business account by visiting
<https://help.evernote.com/hc/en-us/articles/209005287.>

although significant changes are rare, this policy may be amended as new
features, technology, or legal requirements arise, so please check back from
time to time. we’ll notify you if we make a significant change and, where
required, seek your consent.

## what information does evernote collect?

we built evernote to help you remember and organize your ideas, thoughts, and
memories. that means you can input, upload, or store in evernote any text,
images, and other data that you choose—we refer to that information
as“content”. we also collect and receive the following types of information:

  * **basic subscriber information**. to open your account and process payments, we collect and receive identifiers like your email address and, depending on how you purchase a subscription to evernote plus, evernote premium or evernote business (each a “paid service”), your billing address and other payment information. 
  * **usage data.** we collect and log internet or other electronic network information on how you and others access and use evernote, for example, the act of creating a note or sharing a note. usage data may be collected through cookies, and similar technologies. for more information, including how to opt-out, visit our [cookie information page](/privacy/cookies). 
  * **location information.** we collect the ip address you use to connect to the service and — if you choose to share it — your location information from a mobile device. 
  * **device information.** we collect information about the number and type of devices you use to connect to the service, as well as information about the operating systems on those devices (e.g., ios, android, windows). learn more about information our applications collect from your device on our [data usage page](/privacy/data-usage).

we also may link your subscriber information with data we receive from our
partners and other third parties to help understand your needs and provide you
with a better experience. for example, if you create or log into an evernote
account using your google apps credentials via single sign-on, we will have
access to certain information such as your name and email address as
authorized in your google apps profile settings.

we’ve listed the types of information we collect and receive more specifically
in the chart below. generally, we collect this information to support your
account and to help us understand how you use the service so we can make it
better. we have noted which types of information are not collected unless you
choose to provide it.

if you register for or maintain an evernote service account:

**we collect** | **why we collect it**  
---|---  
your username, email address, and contact preferences |

  * to create and support your evernote service account.
  * to communicate with you.
  * to enable other users to collaborate with you through collaboration features (such as shared notes and notebooks).
  * in accordance with your communication preferences, to send you information about evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the service.
  * to verify your email address to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.

  
your name, image, and other personal information, if you choose to share it |

  * to display in your user profile, which may be visible to those with whom you share content.

  
the geographic area from which your computing devices interact with the
service, your preferred language, and, if you select the option to share it,
your mobile device location information |

  * to localize your interaction with the service by, for example, displaying web pages or user interfaces in your preferred language, showing you website content or pricing information appropriate to your location, and improving search by filtering results by location.
  * to help you monitor use of your account: we make recent ip address history available to you through your account settings.
  * to assist us in complying with legal restrictions that may limit the permissible use of the service.
  * to enhance your content with location information.
  * to help you discover relevant content.

  
your device information |

  * to show you (on your account’s access history page) which of your devices you have authorized to access your evernote service account and when you last accessed the service from each device. 
  * to inform our product development and marketing efforts, including our targeted advertising as described on our [cookie information page](/privacy/cookies).
  * to allow you to redeem a promotional offer.
  * to provide account support.
  * together with purchase information, to help us comply with export laws.

  
  
your telephone number, if you choose to share it |

  * to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.
  * to enable two-step verification to provide an additional layer of security for your account.
  * to enable other users to communicate with you through collaboration features.
  * to show in your user profile, if you choose.
  * in accordance with your communication preferences, to send you information about evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the service.

  
your calendar information, only if you select the option to share it  |

  * to enhance your notes with calendar information.
  * to show you relevant content to which you have access.

  
actions you perform when using the service (e.g., creating a note or sharing a
note) |

  * to administer the service and to improve the features and usability of the service.
  * to suggest evernote features, products, and services that can enhance your use of the service.
  * to provide account support.

  
whether your account was created or referred through a reseller or other
partner who helps distribute or promote evernote accounts |

  * to determine the amount of revenue share payments to make to partners with whom we might have such arrangements and to provide aggregated and anonymized revenue share reports. these partners could include resellers or distribution partners.

  
your payment information, if you purchase a subscription | to process your
payment.  
  
in addition to the information above, there are certain cases where we receive
or collect supplemental information, as outlined below.

additional information we collect in connection with evernote business
accounts:

**we collect** | **why we collect it**  
---|---  
organization name and email address of account holder and end users |

  * to create and support the evernote business account.
  * to communicate with the account holder and end users of the business account in accordance with communication preferences.
  * to enable account holder and end users of a business account to use collaboration features.
  * to verify account holder’s and end users’ email addresses to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse.

  
billing information (e.g., postal address, email address, and telephone
number) |

  * to communicate with the billing contact on the account and provide account support.

  
employment-related personal information (e.g., your business title) – if you
elect to share it |

  * to show in your evernote business account user profile if you choose.

  
  
if you use our web clipper browser extension or "save to evernote" button:

**we collect** | **why we collect it**  
---|---  
a record of the source website from which you save content |

  * to record in the note created by the web clipper the source of the material you’ve chosen to clip (e.g., the url) for your future reference. this source-recording functionality will not be affected by your browser’s do-not-track settings.

  
  
please note:

if you have installed the web clipper, when you visit certain websites the web
clipper may notify you of available integrations with the service or about
products, services or features that we think will help you get more out of the
service. **the web clipper does not track or create a record of your browsing
activity.**

if you visit an evernote website:

**we collect** | **why we collect it**  
---|---  
  
your email address (if you provide it)

|

  * to help you create an evernote service account.
  * to communicate with you.

  
tracking information |

  * please see our [cookie information page](/privacy/cookies)

  
  
**information evernote derives**

we may derive information or associate categories with you based on the
information we or our partners collect. for example, we may make a
determination about your location based on your ip address.

## how does evernote use my information?

we have specific rules for how and when we use the information we collect and
receive. we describe these below.

### **what does evernote do with my information?**

we are committed to protecting the privacy of your information. below, we
describe the ways in which we use the information we collect and receive to
provide, maintain, and improve the service; to provide troubleshooting and
customer support; to protect the service for all our users; to contact you;
and to administer evernote business accounts.

  * **performing our services.** we use a number of technologies to help you get the most out of the service. our systems automatically analyze your data to power evernote features and to continually improve the service for you in a way that does not require anyone to look at your content. this may include, for example:
    * making sure you find what you’re looking for when you search your account.
    * showing you information most relevant to how you are or could be using the service at a specific time or location.
    * suggesting actions for you to take based on information you’ve stored.
    * suggesting evernote service features or products to you that we think will help you get the most out of our service.
    * for evernote business users, recommending people for you to collaborate with.

  * **maintaining our services.** to provide troubleshooting and customer support, our customer support team may need to access your information, such as your account email address and information about the evernote application you are using, subject to the protections described below. 
  * **protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity.** as part of our efforts to protect your account and the functionality of the service, our systems may analyze the emails you send to and from your evernote account and the notes you share to detect spam, malware, or other potential security concerns. if we determine that such material constitutes a [terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service) or [user guidelines](/legal/user-guidelines) violation, we may block delivery of or unshare the problematic material, much like a spam filter works for your email inbox.  
  
[learn more](/security/tips) about steps you can take to protect your account,
such as using strong passwords, two-step verification, and encryption.

  * **communicating with you.** in accordance with your communication preferences, we’ll occasionally contact you to announce new products and features we build for you, share tips for using evernote to get more done, make special offers, and provide information about how evernote works with products and services from our business partners.

you may opt out of promotional communications at any time by following the
opt-out or “unsubscribe” instructions provided in emails or by logging into
your evernote service account via our web site at www.evernote.com and going
to settings > personal settings > contact preferences to change your contact
preferences. you can also change your in-app notification preferences through
your device settings. you will continue to receive essential service-related
and account-related information (such as notification that your paid
subscription is about to expire), even if you unsubscribe from promotional
emails or turn off in-app notifications. evernote business users will also
continue to receive a daily summary of activity associated with their business
account.

similarly, if we learn of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify
you and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the
email address, phone number or other contact information that you have
provided to us or by posting a notice on our web site and/or via other
communication platforms. depending on where you live, you may have a legal
right to receive such notices in writing.

  * **complying with law.** evernote also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. for more information, please visit the section “how does evernote respond to legal requests for my information? ” of this privacy policy.

**would someone at evernote ever view my content?**

you have control over who sees your content. we limit the use of your content
to make sure that no one at evernote can view it unless you expressly give us
permission or it’s necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
specifically:

  * to help refine or improve the technology, we may ask you for permission to review portions of your content. for example, if a new feature suggests related notes that are relevant to your content, we may give you an opportunity to provide us feedback on how well the feature is performing along with a sample of the content in question, so we can make sure this feature provides appropriately tailored suggestions. such access to your content is done only with your express permission and is subject to strict confidentiality rules and data access controls. choosing to give us such permission is completely voluntary.
  * if you contact our customer support team for help with specific pieces of content in your account (for example, if you can’t find a note you believe should be in your account), we may ask for your temporary permission to look at your content. this permission terminates when the issue is resolved.

if you send evernote an error report and choose to attach application activity
logs, please note that such logs may contain content (for example, the title
of a note or notebook). you may edit content out of your activity logs before
you send them to us.

  * if we become aware of a potential violation of our a [terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service) or [user guidelines](/legal/user-guidelines), we may suspend or close your account until the problematic material is removed. under such a circumstance, we would only look at the content in your account if you give us consent or if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including to protect the safety of you or any other person.

to test and improve our product offerings for our users **,** we use
aggregated data that does not contain any personal information, does not
identify any person, and cannot be connected to any specific user. this policy
is not intended to apply to such anonymized/de-identified data.

## how does evernote share or disclose my information?

evernote is not in the business of selling or renting your information. here
are instances when we may disclose your information — and then only the
minimum information necessary:

  * we share your information with service providers who process data on our behalf, such as credit card processors and customer management systems. for example, these service providers help us: 
    * operate, develop, and improve the features and functionality of the service
    * complete your payment transactions
    * fulfill your sales and support requests
    * communicate with you as described elsewhere in this privacy policy

we require these providers to agree to strict data protection requirements in
keeping with our privacy policy standards and our obligations under data
protection laws. you can view the vendors we use to help us provide the
service on our [vendors page](/privacy/vendors).

we do not share your information with any third parties for their own
advertising purposes.

examples of our service providers include paypal and adyen for processing
payments from our paid users, salesforce for helping us with our email
communications and evernote business sales outreach, and analytics providers
like google analytics. other service providers include resellers that we work
with to help distribute evernote. if you purchase a paid service from a
reseller instead of directly from evernote, we may need to share limited
information with the reseller to ensure accuracy in payment, account
management, and delivery of services to you.

  * your content is private unless you decide you want to share it. you may choose to share using public links or through any of the service’s features that allow you to share or collaborate on content (“collaboration features”). if you choose to share, we may need to take steps to facilitate your collaboration. 

there are features in evernote that allow you to publish and share some of
your notes and notebooks publicly, but these are optional. any information
that you post in these locations, or in our user forum, can be read,
collected, and used by anyone and could enable others to send you unsolicited
messages. evernote enables you to determine whether to post personal or
otherwise sensitive information to publicly accessible areas of our site, so
you should carefully consider how you use the service. evernote is not
responsible for any publication or use of any information you choose to post
in these locations.

when you use collaboration features, people you share with may see your user
profile.

  * if you have not added any profile information, then you will be identified by the email address associated with your evernote service account.
  * if you are an evernote business user, other members of your evernote business account will see your full evernote business account profile. evernote service users who are not in your evernote business account will only see your profile name and image.

in addition, when you use collaboration features, the information you share is
no longer private to you. for example, by publishing or sharing any portion of
your content, you may be enabling each recipient of the shared material to
access, use, display, perform, distribute, and modify that material. in
addition, evernote enables you to use a variety of third-party services and
applications that interact with the service, and you should review the access
rights you provide to those services or applications, as you may enable them
to access or extract your content through your agreements with those parties.
more information on the nature of these permissions may be found on our [third
party app permissions page](/privacy/third-party-apps) _._

depending on the permission levels you set when sharing content, anyone who
has access to the shared material may be able to see the content, information
about where and when the content was created, as well as the note history,
tags, and reminders associated with a particular note.

  * in the event of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, information covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal. 
  * as described on our [cookie information page](/privacy/cookies), we contract with third-party advertising networks in order to deliver relevant evernote advertisements to you across the internet and to manage our communications with you. we do not use your content for these purposes. in addition, we may share with partners or service providers a hashed identifier to serve you relevant evernote ads when you visit partners’ and providers’ websites, applications or platforms. we may, for instance, participate in the google adwords remarketing, [twitter tailored audience](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405) and [facebook custom audience](https://www.facebook.com/help/341425252616329) services. to learn more about the privacy controls that google, twitter and facebook offer and honor for those respective services, please visit [here](https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads) for google, [here](https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405) for twitter, and [here](https://www.facebook.com/help/1415256572060999) for facebook. you may opt out of certain ad targeting and retargeting services by visiting the digital advertising alliance’s [opt-out page](http://www.aboutads.info/), or the network advertising initiative’s [opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).
  * we also may share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing. this includes, for example, if you connect your evernote account with a third-party app in our [app center](https://appcenter.evernote.com).

evernote works with a number of third-party applications and services. in some
cases, evernote will partner with another company to provide an integration.
in addition, in our [app center](https://appcenter.evernote.com), you can find
a number of third-party applications and services that work with evernote. if
you connect your evernote account to these third-party services, you may be
giving the partner access to some or all of your data, including, in some
cases, your content.

providing such access is entirely voluntary, and you’ll receive notice and
must consent before such access is granted. you’ll always be able to check
which applications or services are authorized to access your account by
visiting the [applications
page](https://www.evernote.com/authorizedservices.action) in your account.
you’ll also be able to turn off access from connected applications and
services whenever you want.

please consider your selection of such applications and services, and your
permissions, carefully. we encourage you to review each party’s contract terms
and privacy policy. to learn more about third-party applications and what data
they may access, visit our [third party application permissions
page](/privacy/third-party-apps).

## how does evernote respond to legal requests for my information?

we vigilantly protect the privacy of your account. we will not disclose your
information to law enforcement or other governmental authorities unless we
believe it is required to comply with warrants, court orders, subpoenas, or
other lawful government requests. this may include responding to legal
requests from jurisdictions outside of the united states where we have a good
faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction,
affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally
recognized standards of due process.

we narrowly interpret all information requests, and we only disclose content
in your account that is specifically responsive to a government warrant or
where you have provided your explicit consent. in accordance with our [user
notice policy](/legal/law-enforcement), we will notify you if we believe we
are compelled to comply with a third party’s legal demand for your
information, and we routinely push back on government orders to delay user
notice that we view as overly broad. you can find more information in our
current [transparency report](/privacy/transparency-report).

in addition, in rare cases, we may share your information as necessary to
investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or
potential threats against persons, property or the systems on which we operate
the service, or as otherwise necessary to comply with our legal obligations.

## how can i manage my information stored in evernote?

consistent with our first law of data protection—your data is yours—in most
cases, you can manage your information simply by logging into your account and
editing your information directly within the evernote service.

however, if you prefer, you can contact us at
[compliance@evernote.com](mailto:compliance@evernote.com) to ask us to provide
access to, correct, update, or delete your personal information. california
residents should visit the section “your california privacy rights” of this
privacy policy for more information about specific rights and how to exercise
those rights. please note that we may ask you for proof of account ownership
and/or identity before fulfilling your request. we will comply with such
requests to the extent required by applicable law or the us-swiss privacy
shield and us-eu privacy shield frameworks.

**a note for our european end users about our data processing grounds and your
data access rights**

we process personal data originating from the european economic area (“eea”),
the united kingdom, and switzerland on one of three grounds, depending on the
circumstances: (i) your affirmative consent, in which case you will have the
right to withdraw consent at any time; (ii) contractual necessity; or (iii)
our legitimate interest in providing the service.

below is an explanation of the the data access rights evernote makes available
to eea, uk and swiss individuals.

****

**your rights** | **what does it mean for you?**  
---|---  
right to access |

  * you can request evernote to provide you with information on how we collect, use, and store your personal information, including provide you with a copy of your personal information we store in evernote.

  
right of rectification |

  * you can request that we correct certain inaccurate information if you are no longer using the service. for more information, see the section: "what happens if i want to stop using evernote?"

  
right to data portability |

  * you can export your information from evernote to a competing service. [see our third law of data protection for more information](/privacy).

  
  
right to object

|

  * you can object to the processing of your information in certain cases, as well as request that evernote not use your personal information for direct marketing purposes. direct marketing includes emails which help us keep you informed about the latest improvements to our service. [see our help and learning page on opting-out for more information](https://help.evernote.com/hc/en-us/articles/208313758).

  
  
**how long does evernote store my information?**

evernote's mission is to help you remember everything important in your life.
in order to do that, we make the content you store in evernote readily
accessible to you, until you make the decision to delete it.

if you delete your content and then sync, it will no longer be accessible to
you or others who may access the service. the evernote service’s back-up
systems may retain residual copies of your deleted content for up to one year
due to the nature of those systems’ operations.

evernote provides you with features that allow you to communicate and
collaborate with other users. please note that deleting your copy of these
communications (such as messages) won't delete copies existing in the accounts
of people you were interacting with.

for users who are inactive for extended periods of time, we may close your
account to satisfy our obligations under applicable law, and in accordance
with our data retention policy. if that happens, we will try to notify you
before taking any action.

**what happens if i want to stop using evernote?**

as described above, you can delete your content at any time, and you can stop
using the evernote service at any time. and as we promise in our third law of
data protection, your data is portable. you can export your notes at any time,
as explained [here](https://help.evernote.com/hc/en-us/articles/209005557).

**what happens if evernote closes my account?**

if evernote deactivates your account due to a tos violation, then you may
contact us to request deletion of your content, and we will evaluate such
requests on a case by case basis, pursuant to our legal obligations.

## ****

**where does evernote store my information?**

when you use evernote software on your computing device, such as by using one
of our downloadable applications, some of your data will be stored locally on
that device.

when you sync your computing device with the service, that data will be
replicated on servers maintained in the united states. this means that if you
store information in or submit data to the evernote website or evernote
software and sync such evernote software with the evernote service, you
acknowledge your personal information will be transmitted to, hosted, and
accessed in the united states.

data privacy laws or regulations in your home country may differ from, or be
more protective than, those in the united states. we will collect, store, and
use your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and
applicable laws, wherever it is processed.

**which evernote company is my data controller?**

if you live in brazil, your data controller is evernote do brasil serviços de
aplicaçōes ltda. (“evernote brasil”). if you live in the united states and
canada, your data controller is evernote corporation (headquartered in
california). if you live anywhere else, your data controller is switzerland-
based evernote gmbh.

## how does evernote comply with data transfer rules?

evernote uses two data transfer mechanisms: the standard contractual clauses
and the privacy shield frameworks.

**standard contractual clauses**

evernote utilizes the standard contractual clauses, which are contract terms
developed and approved by the european commission as ensuring adequate
protection for data subjects when transferring personal data from the eea, the
united kingdom (“uk”), or switzerland to the united states and other
countries. the standard contractual clauses are generally referenced within a
data processing agreement entered between evernote and the applicable parties.

**privacy shield frameworks**

in addition, evernote corporation has certified its compliance with the eu-us
privacy shield and the swiss-us privacy shield frameworks as set forth by the
us department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of
personal data from eea member countries, the uk, and switzerland

as used in this notice, "personal data" means information that (i) is
transferred from the eea, the uk, or switzerland to the united states, (ii) is
recorded in any form, (iii) is about, or relates to, an identified or
identifiable individual, and (iv) can be linked to that individual. this
notice outlines our general policy and practices for implementing the privacy
shield principles for personal data.

the evernote corporation has certified that in respect of all personal data it
receives from the eea, the uk, and switzerland in reliance on the privacy
shield, it will adhere to the privacy shield principles of notice, choice,
accountability for onward transfers, security, data integrity & purpose
limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability. to access the
privacy shield list and to find details of our certification, please visit:
<https://www.privacyshield.gov/list>.

if we ever need to use your personal data for a purpose that is materially
different to the purposes we collected it for or that you later authorize, we
will notify you and provide you with the opportunity to opt-out.

under the privacy shield, evernote corporation will remain liable if its
third-party service providers process your personal data in a manner
inconsistent with the privacy shield principles, unless we prove that we are
not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

residents of the eea, the uk, or switzerland who believe that their personal
data has not been processed in compliance with the privacy shield principles
may raise their complaint in the following ways:

  1. you can contact evernote corporation directly using the details in the "how can i contact evernote?" section in our privacy policy. we will respond to your complaint within 45 days of receipt.
  2. we have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the privacy shield to jams, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the united states. if you do not receive a timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by us, please visit <https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield> for more information about the scheme. this jams service will be provided to complainants free of charge. to file a complaint directly with jams, go here: <https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim>
  3. for residual disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. to find out more about the privacy shield's binding arbitration scheme, please see: <https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=annex-i-introduction>.

you may have the right to access personal data that we hold about you and
request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed
in violation of privacy shield. please contact us, as provided above, to make
such a request and we will consider it in accordance with the privacy shield's
principles.

the federal trade commission has investigation and enforcement authority over
our compliance with the privacy shield.

please note that we may disclose personal data to respond to subpoenas, court
orders, legal process, or government requests (including in response to public
authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).

## **your california privacy rights**

consumers residing in california are afforded certain additional rights with
respect to their personal information under the california consumer privacy
act or (“ccpa”) (california civil code section 1798.100 et seq.). if you are a
california resident, these terms and conditions apply to you.

we do not and will not sell your personal information. evernote uses and
collects your information for the purposes described in this privacy policy,
which include “business purposes” under the ccpa.

**california consumer privacy act**

we provide the following additional disclosures related to the collection,
use, and disclosure of personal information under the ccpa:

  * **categories of personal information collected**. in the preceding 12 months, we have collected the categories of personal information listed below. 
    * identifiers such as your first name, last name, email address, ip address, unique device identifiers or other online identifier;
    * commercial information such as your payment method and related information if you purchase a subscription;
    * internet or other electronic network activity information, including connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or isp, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and ip address;
    * interaction with our software or apps such as usage data, type and version of operating system, hardware version, device settings, software types, battery and signal strength, screen resolution, device manufacturer and model, language, and internet browser type and version; 
    * audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as photos that you upload to your account or otherwise provide to us;
    * professional or employment-related information (for evernote business users);
    * other information that relates to or is capable of being associated with you, including categories we may associate with you, based on the information we or our partners collect, so that we may contact you with messaging that we think will interest you.

for additional examples of the types of data we may collect, see the section
“what information does evernote collect?” of this privacy policy.

  * **business or commercial purpose for collecting information**. we collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the section “how does evernote use my information?” of this privacy policy. 
  * **categories of sources of personal information**. we collect personal information directly from you when you interact with our services, automatically when you access or use our services or transact business with us, and from third-party sources as described in the section “what information does evernote collect?” of this privacy policy. 
  * **categories of third parties with whom we share information**. we may share your personal information with third parties as described in the section “how does evernote share or disclose my information?” of this privacy policy.
  * **categories of personal information disclosed**. in the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes: identifiers, commercial information, biometric information, internet or other electronic network information, and geolocation data. 
  * **sale of personal information**. evernote does not, and will not, sell the personal information of our users. evernote has not sold the personal information of our users for a business or commercial purposes in the preceding 12 months.

**your consumer rights**

california consumers have the right to request access to the specific pieces
of personal information we have collected about them in the last 12 months.
you may also request additional details about our information practices,
including the categories of personal information we have collected about you,
the categories of sources of such collection, the business or commercial
purpose for collecting personal information, the categories of third parties
with whom we share your personal information, and the categories of personal
information we have disclosed about you in the preceding 12 months. if you are
a california consumer, you also have the right to (i) request deletion of your
personal information (subject to certain exceptions), (ii) opt out of sales of
personal information, and (iii) receive equal service and price and not be
discriminated against even if you exercise any of your other ccpa rights.

california consumers may make requests by following these instructions:

  * submit a ticket through our help and learning portal located at <https://help.evernote.com.> if you do not have an evernote account or are a free subscriber, you can submit a request as a guest.
  * alternatively, you may email your request to [privacy@evernote.com](mailto:privacy@evernote.com). in the subject line of your email, please write “ccpa rights request.” 

note that in order to fulfill your request, we may need you to provide certain
information to verify your identity. you can also designate an authorized
agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. we will not discriminate
against you if you choose to exercise your rights under the ccpa.

the evernote service is accessible to consumers with disabilities. consumers
with disabilities may also contact us by emailing privacy@evernote.com to
request an alternative format of this privacy policy.

**does evernote allow children to use its services?**

our services are designed for adults, not children under the age of 16. as
such, we do not intend to collect personal information from children under the
age of 16, and our services are not designed to manage such information. if we
learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16
without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. if
you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16,
please contact us at [privacy@evernote.com](mailto:privacy@evernote.com).

**how does evernote respond to do not track signals?**

do not track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers.
when a user turns on the do not track signal, the browser sends a message to
websites requesting them not to track the user. at this time, evernote does
not currently respond to or otherwise take action in response to web browser
"do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability
to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about an
individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third party
websites or online services. for information about do not track, visit
[www.allaboutdnt.org](http://www.allaboutdnt.org).

**how can i contact evernote?**

evernote welcomes your feedback regarding this privacy policy. if you have
questions, comments or concerns about this policy, please contact us by email
at [privacy@evernote.com](mailto:privacy@evernote.com) or postal mail at:

evernote corporation  
305 walnut street  
redwood city, california 94063 usa  
attention: privacy team

evernote gmbh  
c/o centralis switzerland gmbh  
dufourstrasse 101, 8008 zurich, switzerland  
attention: privacy team

evernote do brasil serviços de aplicações ltda.  
avenida paulista, no 2.300  
andar pilotis  
edifício são luís gonzaga  
cep: 01310-300 são paulo/sp  
brasil  
attention: privacy team

## glossary

  * **account holder** means the person or entity who has contracted with evernote as either an individual basic, plus, or premium user or as a customer as defined in our evernote business agreement.
  * **collaboration features** means any of the service’s features that allow you to share or collaborate on content.
  * **content** means the text, images, and other data you choose to input, upload, and store in evernote. 
  * **end user** means the individual who uses an account on the evernote service.
  * **evernote** (or sometimes “we” or “us”) means evernote corporation and its affiliated companies that also act as data controllers: evernote gmbh and evernote do brasil servicos de aplicaçōes ltda.
  * **evernote service** (or sometimes “service”) means the evernote software (as defined below) and other products, services and websites hosted or made available by evernote, including our downloadable applications, app center, user forum, and help & learning pages.
  * **evernote software** means the software hosted on evernote’s servers and the software we make available to be deployed by you or a third party to enable capturing of content originating outside the service, such as evernote scannable or evernote web clipper or any of the evernote software applications for compatible computing devices that enable access and use of the service through such device
  * **group companies** means evernote corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries, which include evernote gmbh and evernote do brasil serviços de aplicaçōes ltda.
  * **paid service** means evernote plus, evernote premium, evernote business, and any other evernote offering for which we collect payment (in the form of currency, evernote points, coupon codes).

product

  * [why evernote](/why-evernote)
  * [evernote basic](/basic)
  * [evernote premium](/premium)
  * [evernote business](/business)
  * [compare plans](/compare-plans)
  * [student discount](/students)
  * [download app](/download)

features

  * [web clipper](/features/webclipper)
  * [templates](/templates)
  * [spaces](/features/spaces)
  * [integrations](/integrations)
  * [notes sync](/features/sync)
  * [pdf & doc search](/features/pdf-document-search)
  * [search handwriting](/features/search-handwriting)
  * [document scanning](/features/document-scanning)
  * [notebooks & tags](/features/notebooks-and-tags)

community

  * [our community](/community)
  * [certified consultants](/certified-consultants)
  * [beta program](/betaprogram)
  * [developers](https://dev.evernote.com/)
  * [events](https://events.evernote.com/)
  * [forum](https://discussion.evernote.com/)

support

  * [help & learning](https://help.evernote.com/hc/)
  * [troubleshooting](https://help.evernote.com/hc/categories/200001917-troubleshooting)
  * [blog](https://evernote.com/blog)

company

  * [about us](/about-us)
  * [careers](/careers)
  * [contact us](/contact)

choose a language:  english (us)

  * [bahasa indonesia](/intl/id/privacy/policy)
  * [bahasa melayu](/intl/ms/privacy/policy)
  * [dansk](/intl/da/privacy/policy)
  * [deutsch](/intl/de/privacy/policy)
  * [english (us)](/intl/en/privacy/policy)
  * [español](/intl/es/privacy/policy)
  * [español (américa latina)](/intl/es-latam/privacy/policy)
  * [français](/intl/fr/privacy/policy)
  * [italiano](/intl/it/privacy/policy)
  * [nederlands](/intl/nl/privacy/policy)
  * [polski](/intl/pl/privacy/policy)
  * [português (brasil)](/intl/pt-br/privacy/policy)

  * [português (portugal)](/intl/pt/privacy/policy)
  * [suomi](/intl/fi/privacy/policy)
  * [svenska](/intl/sv/privacy/policy)
  * [tiếng việt](/intl/vi/privacy/policy)
  * [türkçe](/intl/tr/privacy/policy)
  * [русский](/intl/ru/privacy/policy)
  * [العربية](/intl/ar/privacy/policy)
  * [ภาษาไทย](/intl/th/privacy/policy)
  * [한국어](/intl/ko/privacy/policy)
  * [中文（简体）](/intl/zh-cn/privacy/policy)
  * [中文（繁體）](/intl/zh-tw/privacy/policy)
  * [日本語](/intl/jp/privacy/policy)

  * [ ![](/c/assets/social/facebook.svg?4ad03f93dba2c727) facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/evernote/)
  * [ ![](/c/assets/social/twitter.svg?c952887b64bc6327) twitter ](https://twitter.com/evernote)
  * [ ![](/c/assets/social/medium.svg?fac9d32c3e8afeff) medium ](https://medium.com/@evernote)
  * [ ![](/c/assets/social/instagram.svg?d6b5ce587ecff967) instagram ](https://www.instagram.com/evernote)
  * [ ![](/c/assets/social/youtube.svg?f8f9a4f6ce785550) youtube ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucr_jcnr6slxfcttdz8t6f0a)
  * [ ![](/c/assets/social/linkedin.svg?dc329013f526b28e) linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/evernote)

© 2021 evernote corporation. all rights reserved.

  * [security](/security)
  * [legal](/legal)
  * [privacy](/privacy)

