[ ](https://www.fandom.com)

[ games ](https://www.fandom.com/topics/games) [ movies
](https://www.fandom.com/topics/movies) [ tv
](https://www.fandom.com/topics/tv) [ video ](https://www.fandom.com/video)

wikis

  * [ explore wikis ](https://www.fandom.com/explore)
  * [ community central ](//community.fandom.com/wiki/community_central)

[ start a wiki  ](https://ucp.fandom.com/wiki/special:createnewwiki)

search

  * [ sign in ](https://www.fandom.com/signin)
  * don't have an account? 

[ register ](https://www.fandom.com/register)

[ ](https://www.fandom.com/)

>

[ sign in | register ](https://www.fandom.com/register)

[ games ](https://www.fandom.com/topics/games) [ movies
](https://www.fandom.com/topics/movies) [ tv
](https://www.fandom.com/topics/tv) [ video ](https://www.fandom.com/video) [
wikis ](/explore)

back [ explore wikis ](https://www.fandom.com/explore) [ community central
](//community.fandom.com/wiki/community_central)

# privacy policy

[
](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3a%2f%2fwww.fandom.com%2fprivacy-
policy "facebook") [
](https://twitter.com/share?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.fandom.com%2fprivacy-policy
"twitter") [
](http://www.reddit.com/submit?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.fandom.com%2fprivacy-
policy "reddit")

**effective date: august 3, 2020**

fandom, inc. (“ **fandom** ” “ **we** ,” “ **us** ,” and “ **our** ”) provides
a home to explore, contribute to, and celebrate the world of pop culture. our
privacy policy (“ **privacy policy** ”) is designed to help you understand how
we collect, use and share your personal information and to assist you in
exercising the privacy rights available to you.

## scope

fandom, inc. is a company registered in the state of delaware, u.s.a.
(corporate number c2935209), whose registered office is at 130 sutter street,
4th floor, san francisco, ca 94104 and we are the data controller of the
personal information that we collect from you as described in this privacy
policy.

this privacy policy applies to personal information processed by us in our
business, including on our websites, mobile applications, and our related
online and offline offerings (collectively, the “ **services** ”). the
services include websites at fandom.com, wikia.com and wikia.org, and the
respective subdomains, and the mobile apps provided under the fandom brand.
the services also include the d&d beyond mobile app and the websites at
dndbeyond.com, futhead.com, gamepedia.com, muthead.com, playbook.gg, and
strawpoll.me.

we respect your right to privacy. our overall aim is to ensure that our
collection and use of personal information is appropriate to the provision of
the services for our users, and is in accordance with applicable data
protection laws.

## personal information we collect

the categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact
with our services, and the requirements of applicable law. **visitors** are
people who access the services. visitors include **registered users** who
access the services through their accounts and **non-registered users** who
access the services without using an account. we recognize that most visitors
are non-registered users.

you do not need to be a registered user in order to access most information on
the services. being a registered user is only required for certain activities,
such as creating, managing, or administrating a fandom community, making a
contribution to a fandom community that does not allow for contributions by
non-registered users, submitting comments about other content on the services,
or participating in a chat forum. in addition, you must be a registered user
in order to view certain content on our mobile applications.

**information you provide to us**

**account creation**. when you create an account on the services in order to
become a registered user, we collect information such as your username and
password, valid email address, and date of birth. you may optionally provide
us with additional information including your first and last names, your
gender, and your interests and hobbies. certain websites and apps in the
services may require you to provide additional information, such as your
postal mailing address, telephone number, and payment information. we refer to
the information provided at account creation as “ **registration data**.”

**visitors**. we collect the information you provide when modifying the
content of a page on the services (such as making edits, uploading images,
etc.). your username or another indicator that you provided the information is
left on the history tab associated with the edited page or appropriate
special/image page, on the recent changes link, and in your user
contributions. we also collect information you provide when you upload,
purchase, view, or download certain content or products from the services.
further, the fandom mobile app asks you to indicate the communities in which
you are particularly interested. we refer to this information collected from
visitors as “ **visitor data**.”

**payment information**. you may purchase digital items or other goods using
the services. we use a third-party payment provider to process payments on the
services. we may receive information associated with your payment information,
such as billing address and transaction information, but we do not directly
store payment information on the services.

**your communications with us**. we collect personal information from you such
as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request
information about our services, register for our newsletters, request customer
or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.

**surveys**. we may contact you to participate in surveys. if you decide to
participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include
personal information.

**interactive features**. we offer interactive features such as forums, blogs,
chat and messaging services, and social media pages. we and others who use our
services may collect the information you submit or make available through
these interactive features. any content you provide via the public sections of
these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy
protections referenced herein. by using these interactive features, you assume
the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used
by third parties for their own purposes.

**registration for sweepstakes or contests**. we may run sweepstakes and
contests. contact information you provide may be used to inform you about the
sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business
purposes, if permitted by law. in some jurisdictions, we are required to
publicly share information of winners.

**conferences, trade shows, and other events**. we may attend conferences,
trade shows, and other events where we collect personal information from
individuals who interact with or express an interest in the services. if you
provide us with any information at one of these events, we will use it for the
purposes for which it was collected.

**business development and strategic partnerships**. we may collect personal
information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential
business opportunities.

**job applications**. we may post job openings and opportunities on the
services. if you reply to one of these postings by submitting your
application, cv and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the
information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills,
and qualifications for employment.

**information collected automatically**

**automatic data collection**. we may collect certain information
automatically when you use the services. this information may include your
internet protocol (ip) address, user settings, mac address, cookie
identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers,
details about your browser, operating system or device, location information
(including inferred location based off of your ip address), internet service
provider, pages that you visit before, during, and after using the services,
information about the links you click, information about how you interact with
the services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, the
search requests you submit on the services, and other information about how
you use the services. information we collect may be associated with accounts
and devices.

**cookies, pixel tags/web beacons, and analytics information**. we, as well as
third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the
services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies
(“technologies”) to automatically collect information through the services.
technologies are essentially small data files placed on your devices that
allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you
visit or interact with our services.

  * **cookies**. cookies are small text files placed in device browsers to store their preferences. most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. however, if you do that, the services may not work properly.
  * **pixel tags/web beacons**. a pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the services that collects information about engagement on the services. the use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. we may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
  * **flash cookies**. we may, in certain situations, use adobe flash player to deliver special content, such as video clips or animation. to improve your user experience, local shared objects (commonly known as “flash cookies”) are employed to provide functions such as remembering your settings and preferences. flash cookies are stored on your device, but they are managed through an interface different from the one provided by your web browser. this means it is not possible to manage flash cookies at the browser level, in the same way you would manage cookies. instead, you can access your flash management tools from adobe’s website directly. the [adobe website](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html) provides comprehensive information on how to delete or disable flash cookies. please be aware that if you disable or reject flash cookies for the services, you may not be able to access certain features, such as video content or services that require you to sign in.

**analytics**. we may use google analytics, quantcast, comscore and other
service providers to collect and process analytics information on our
services. google analytics uses cookies to aid us in traffic analysis and
informing improvements to the services. for more information about google
analytics, please visit
[www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).
you can opt out of google’s collection and processing of data generated by
your use of the services by going to
<http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>. quantcast and comscore collect
information about the number of visitors to our services and extrapolate
market research from that data. for more information about quantcast, please
visit [www.quantcast.com/docs/privacy](http://www.quantcast.com/privacy). for
more information about comscore, please visit
<https://www.comscore.com/about/privacy-policy>.

**information from other sources**

we may obtain information about you from other sources, including through
third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by
you. for example, if you access our services through a third-party
application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social
networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party
application that you have made public via your privacy settings. information
we collect through these services may include your name, your user
identification number, your username, location, gender, birth date, email,
profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service. we use this
information to supplement the information we collect about you in order to
provide more relevant, safer experiences for you with the services and improve
the services, analytics, and advertising. if we combine or associate
information from other sources with information that we collect through the
services, we will treat the combined information in accordance with this
privacy policy.

## **how we use your information**

we use your personal information, including your registration data, visitor
data, information collected automatically, and information from other sources,
for a variety of business purposes, including to:

**provide the services or requested information, such as:**

  * fulfilling our contract with you;
  * managing your information and accounts;
  * responding to questions, comments, and other requests; and
  * providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our services.

**analyze and improve our services pursuant to our legitimate interests, such
as:**

  * marketing, market research, and business development, including segmenting our users into specific categories;
  * supporting internal administrative purposes such as providing network and information security and fraud prevention and ensuring internal quality control and safety;
  * measuring interest and engagement in our services;
  * developing new products and services;

  * authenticating and verifying individual identities;
  * recording who is accessing and making changes to different parts of our services and carrying out audits;
  * communicating with you about your account, activities on our services and privacy policy changes;
  * preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
  * enforcing our agreements; and
  * complying with our legal obligations.

**marketing our products and services**. we use your personal information to
provide you with tailored content and advertisements, including to determine
your interests and select content and advertisements to provide to you based
on your interests.

**consent**. we may use personal information for other purposes that are
clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with
your consent.

**de-identified and aggregated information use**. we may use personal
information and other data about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated
information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified
location information, information about the device from which you access our
services, or other analyses we create. de-identified and/or aggregated
information is not personal information, and we may use and disclose such
information in a number of ways, including research, analytics, and any other
legally permissible purposes.

**share content with friends or colleagues**. our services may offer various
tools and functionalities. for example, we may allow you to provide
information about your friends through our referral services. our referral
services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or
colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our services.

**how we use automatic collection technologies**. we, as well as third parties
that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the services, may
use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies to
automatically collect information through the services. our uses of these
technologies fall into the following general categories:

  * **operationally necessary**. this includes technologies that allow you access to our services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our functionality;
  * **performance related**. we may use technologies to assess the performance of our services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use the services;
  * **functionality related**. we may use technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our services. this may include identifying you when you sign into our services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed; and
  * **advertising or targeting related**. we may use first party or third-party technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our services or on third party sites.

**cross-device tracking**. your browsing activity may be tracked across
different websites and different devices or apps. for example, we may attempt
to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing
activity on your laptop. to do this our technology partners may share data,
such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will
match the information of the browser and devices that appear to be used by the
same person.

## **disclosing your information to third parties**

except as described herein, we do not share, disclose, or sell your personal
information.

**service providers**. we may share any personal information we collect about
you with our third-party service providers. the categories of service
providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers
for: (i) the provision of the services; (ii) the provision of information,
products, and other services you have requested; (iii) marketing and
advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service
activities; and (vi) the provision it and related services.

for example, we may use liveramp ats solution. for more information about
liveramp, please visit <https://liveramp.com/privacy/>. to opt-out of the
sharing of your personal information with liveramp, please visit
<https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out>.

**business partners**. we may provide personal information to business
partners with whom we jointly offer products or services. in such cases, our
business partner’s name will appear along with ours.

**affiliates**. we may share personal information with our affiliated
entities.

**third party services**. the services may link to third-party websites or
services. the privacy practices of those third parties are not governed by
this privacy policy. we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these
third-party websites and services to understand their practices.

if you connect to a third-party service (such as facebook, twitter, or another
third-party application) through the services or otherwise link your account
with a third-party service, you are requesting and authorizing us to share or
grant access to information on your behalf (such as your username, the fact
that your connection originated from the services, and other relevant usage
and diagnostic information) with such third party. we may also send
information about your activities on the services to such third parties. for
example, we may make information available to app developers, game developers,
and game publishers to facilitate purchases and awards of digital goods, such
as games and in-game items.

**advertising partners**. through our services, we may allow third party
advertising partners to set technologies and other tracking tools to collect
information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your ip address,
cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). these advertising
partners may use this information (and similar information collected from
other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when
you visit third party services within their networks. this practice is
commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized
advertising.” for example, we may use technologies from supply side platforms
(also known as ssps) such as google’s adx which uses cookies to collect
information about your browsing history to target advertising. we may also use
technologies from permutive to collect information for segmenting purposes
based on its analysis of your interactions with the services.

**apis and software development kits.** we may use third party apis and
software development kits (“sdks”) as part of the functionality of our
services. apis and sdks may allow third parties including advertising partners
to collect your personal information in order to provide content that is more
relevant to you. for more information about our use of apis and sdks, please
contact us as set forth below.

**disclosures to protect us or others.** we may access, preserve, and disclose
any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in
good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with
law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a
court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property,
or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed
to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or
actual illegal activity.

**disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer.** if we
are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence,
reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or
transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold
or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or
contract.

## your choices

**general**

you may have the right to object to or opt-out of certain uses of your
personal information as described in more detail below.

**email communications**

if you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link
found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. note
that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding
products or services you have requested. we may also send you certain non-
promotional communications regarding us and our services, and you will not be
able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the
services or updates to our terms or this privacy policy).

**mobile devices**

we may send you push notifications through our mobile application. you may at
any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the
settings on your mobile device. with your consent, we may also collect precise
location information if you use our mobile applications. you may opt-out of
this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.

**“do not track”**

do not track (“dnt”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web
browsers. please note that we do not respond to or honor dnt signals or
similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.

**cookies and interest-based advertising**

you may stop or restrict the placement of technologies on your device or
remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits.
please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile
applications. however, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some
mobile applications by following the instructions for
[android](https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-
developer/answer/6048248?hl=en) and [ios](https://support.apple.com/en-
us/ht202074).

the online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt
out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising
partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. you can access these
websites and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and
privacy, at
[www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp),
<http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/>, <https://youradchoices.ca/choices/>, and
[www.aboutads.info/choices/](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).

please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.

## data retention

subject to the user rights described below, we store the personal information
we receive as described in this privacy policy for as long as you use our
services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected,
provide our services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct
audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and
comply with applicable laws. this information is held by us in the united
states.

we may also transfer the personal information that we collect about you to
third party processors or to members of our group of companies in connection
with the above purposes. we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the
recipient protects your personal information adequately.

## security of your information

we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in
accordance with this privacy policy. unfortunately, no system is 100% secure,
and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to
us. to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept
liability for unauthorized disclosure.

by using the services or providing personal information to us, you agree that
we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and
administrative issues relating to your use of the services. if we learn of a
security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by
posting a notice on the services, by mail or by sending an email to you.

## information about children

the services are not directed to children under 16 (applicable to users
located in california and the eea excluding the uk) or 13 (applicable to users
located in the rest of the world), and we do not knowingly collect personal
information from children. if you learn that your child has provided us with
personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth
below. if we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in
violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such
information.

## changes to our privacy policy

we may revise this privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion. if
there are any material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you as
required by applicable law. you understand and agree that you will be deemed
to have accepted the updated privacy policy if you continue to use the
services after the new privacy policy takes effect.

## additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to eea and
uk residents

**what is our justification for handling your personal data?**

under european and uk data protection laws, we have to ensure that we process
your personal information fairly and lawfully. this means that we must have a
“legal basis” for each of our processing activities where they relate to the
personal data of an individual within the eea. these bases include:

  * **consent** – we may decide to obtain your specific, freely given consent to one or more processing activities;
  * **legal obligation** – we may need to process your data where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws that we are subject to;
  * **performance of a contract** – we may process your data if we are entering into a contract with you, or taking preparatory steps to do so;
  * **legitimate interests** – we may process your personal data where we believe that we have a legitimate interest in doing so, and we have analyzed this and determined that our interests are not overridden by the impact on your rights and freedoms under data protection law.

we rely on these legal bases in different ways, and in relation to different
types of processing of your personal data.

**consent**

we process your personal information collected through the use of advertising
or targeting related cookies (as described above) on the basis of your
consent, which we ask for when you first visit a website within the services.
you are entitled to withdraw your consent to our use of these cookies. the
list of partners for which we request consent is located at our [vendor
list](https://www.fandom.com/partner-list). in order to change your consent,
please utilize the “clear cookies” functionality in your browser (this will
prompt us to ask for your consent when you next visit a website within the
services).

**legitimate interests**

we believe that our use of your other personal information described herein is
necessary for our legitimate interests, which are as follows:

  1. to run, grow and develop our business;
  2. to operate the services;
  3. for marketing, market research and business development; and
  4. for internal administrative purposes.

if we rely on our, or another person’s, legitimate interests for using your
personal information, we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our
(or the other person’s) legitimate interests are not outweighed by your
interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection. you can
ask us for information on this balancing test by using the contact details
provided below.

we process your personal information collected through the use of
operationally necessary, performance related, and functionality related
cookies (as described above) on the basis of our legitimate interests. we also
rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information in order to
provide you with access to the services, and to make sure that they work
properly, and to keep a record of who is accessing and making changes to the
different parts of our services.

## your privacy rights

residents in the eea and the uk have the rights to:

**access** personal information about you consistent with legal requirements.
please utilize the form found here when making this request: [download your
data](https://fandom.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360021403033-i-want-to-
download-a-copy-of-my-data).

**request correction** of your personal information where it is inaccurate or
incomplete.

**request deletion** of your personal information, subject to certain
exceptions prescribed by law. please utilize the form found here when making
this request: [right of deletion](https://fandom.zendesk.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360021402973-please-forget-my-fandom-account).

**opt out** of any marketing communications that we (or any third party to
whom we have disclosed your personal information with your consent) may send
you.

if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the indicated
forms or links, where applicable, or otherwise email us at
[support@fandom.com](mailto:msupport@fandom.com). we will process such
requests in accordance with applicable laws. to protect your privacy, we may
take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.

please note for security and fraud investigation and prevention purposes, we
will retain the full ip address for users located in the eea for up to 12
months.

in addition, we keep a copy of requests submitted to us to comply with our own
legal obligation to maintain data processing records. please also note that
certain information, such as your ip address (if you edit while not logged in)
and any public contributions to fandom community sites is archived and
displayed indefinitely by design; the transparency of each contribution and
revision history is critical for efficacy and trustworthiness. in addition,
our de-identification processes cannot ensure complete or comprehensive de-
identification of all of the content or information posted on our services
related to your prior username. if your request is granted, the name change
will only occur in automatically generated logs (such as page histories) in
association with content that you posted. the name change will not delete
mentions of your prior username by third parties.

in the eea or the uk you may also make a complaint to our supervisory body for
data protection matters (for example, the information commissioner’s office in
the uk) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have
been breached.

## additional provisions of this privacy policy that are applicable to
california residents

under the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ **ccpa** ”), california
residents have certain rights around our collection, use, and sharing of their
personal information.

california residents have the right to:

**know** about your personal information we have collected, disclosed, or sold
in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity. in addition, you
may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic personal
information transferred to another party. please utilize the form found here
when making this request: [i want to download a copy of my personal
information](https://fandom.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360041963193).

**request deletion** of your personal information, subject to certain
exceptions prescribed by law. please utilize the form found here when making
this request: [delete my personal
information](https://fandom.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360041483894).

**opt out of the sale of your personal information** to third parties. under
the ccpa, some information we share may be considered a "sale." to opt-out of
the sale of your personal information, please [click
here](https://www.fandom.com/do-not-sell-my-info).

**not be discriminated against** by us for exercising your privacy rights.

if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please use the indicated
forms or links, where applicable, or otherwise email us at
[support@fandom.com](mailto:msupport@fandom.com). we will process such
requests in accordance with applicable laws. to protect your privacy, we may
take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.

if you are a california resident under 16, you may not use the services or
provide us with any personal information. please contact us using the
information provided below if you are aware of any personal information
provided to us by a california resident under the age of 16. we do not have
actual knowledge of selling the personal information of minors under 16 years
of age.

in the table below, we identify each category of personal information we
collected from california consumers, and the categories of third parties to
whom each category of information was disclosed for a business purpose or
sold, within the last 12 months. the categories of sources from which we
collect personal information are set forth above in the section "personal
information we collect." we collected or sold the personal information for the
business and commercial purposes set forth above in the section "how we use
your information."

**category of personal information** | **information examples** | **categories
of third-party recipients**  
---|---|---  
identifiers | name, online identifier, ip address, email address, account
name, or other identifier collected when you use the services. | service
providers, business partners, affiliates, third-party services, advertising
partners.  
personal information categories listed in the california customer records
statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)) | name, address, telephone number,
education, employment, employment history, or other information you provide
when applying for employment at fandom. | service providers.  
protected classification characteristics under california or federal law | age
or gender information you provide when creating an account on the services. |
service providers.  
commercial information | payments, refunds, and subscriptions made using the
services. other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. | service
providers, business partners, affiliates, third-party services, advertising
partners.  
internet or other electronic network activity | information about your
interactions with the services. | service providers, business partners,
affiliates, third-party services, advertising partners.  
geolocation data | geolocation information inferred from your ip address. |
service providers.  
professional or employment-related information | information you provide when
applying for employment at fandom. | service providers.  
inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a
consumer | information about your likes and dislikes provided by you or
derived from your activities on the services. | service providers, business
partners, affiliates, third-party services, advertising partners.  
  
## contact us

if you have any questions about our privacy practices or this privacy policy,
please contact us at:

**wade warren, data protection officer**

c/o fandom, inc.

130 sutter street, 4th floor

san francisco, ca 94104

**email** : [dpo@fandom.com](mailto:dpo@fandom.com)

**phone** : (415) 980-5647



if you have any complaints about our services, please contact us at:

**address** : 130 sutter street, 4th floor, san francisco, ca 94104

**email** : [support@fandom.com](mailto:support@fandom.com)

**phone** : (415) 762-0780

##  [ ](https://www.fandom.com)

### explore properties

  * [ fandom ](https://www.fandom.com)
  * [ gamepedia ](https://www.gamepedia.com/)
  * [ d&d; beyond ](https://www.dndbeyond.com/)
  * [ cortex rpg ](https://www.cortexrpg.com/)
  * [ muthead ](https://www.muthead.com/)
  * [ futhead ](https://www.futhead.com/)

### follow us

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/getfandom)
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/getfandom)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/fandomentertainment)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/getfandom/)
  * [ ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/157252)

### overview

  * [ about ](https://www.fandom.com/about)
  * [ careers ](https://www.fandom.com/careers)
  * [ press ](https://www.fandom.com/press)
  * [ contact ](https://www.fandom.com/about#contact)
  * [ terms of use ](https://www.fandom.com/terms-of-use)
  * [ privacy policy ](https://www.fandom.com/privacy-policy)
  * [ global sitemap ](https://community.fandom.com/sitemap)
  * [ local sitemap ](https://www.fandom.com/local-sitemap)

### community

  * [ community central ](//community.fandom.com/wiki/community_central)
  * [ support ](https://fandom.zendesk.com/)
  * [ help ](//community.fandom.com/wiki/help:contents)
  * [ do not sell my info ](https://www.fandom.com/do-not-sell-my-info)

### advertise

  * [ media kit ](https://www.fandom.com/mediakit)
  * [ contact ](https://www.fandom.com/mediakit#contact)

### fandom apps

take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat.

  * [ ](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/fandom-videos-news-reviews/id1230063803?ls=1&mt=8)
  * [ ](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fandom.app&referrer=utm_source%3dwikia%26utm_medium%3dglobalfooter)

d&d beyond

  * [ ](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id1501810129)
  * [ ](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fandom.playercompanion&referrer=utm_source%3dwikia%26utm_medium%3dglobalfooter)

copyright 2021 fandom, inc.

