new icn messageflickr-free-ic3d pan white

[ ](/ "flickr logo. if you click it, you'll go home")

  * [ explore ](/explore)
    * [recent photos](/explore)
    * [trending](/photos/tags)
    * [events](/events)
    * [the commons](/commons)
    * [flickr galleries](/galleries)
    * [world map](/map)
    * [camera finder](/cameras)
    * [flickr blog](https://blog.flickr.net/)
  * [ prints ](/prints)
    * [ prints & wall art ](/prints)
    * [ photo books ](/create)
  * [get pro](/account/upgrade/pro)

  *   * [ _upload_ ](/upload)
  * [log in](/signin)
  * [sign up](/signup)

  * [ log in ](/signin)

  * [ explore ](/explore)
  * [trending](/photos/tags)
  * [events](/events)
  * [the commons](/commons)
  * [flickr galleries](/galleries)
  * [flickr blog](https://blog.flickr.net/)

  * [ prints & wall art ](/prints)
  * [ photo books ](/create)

  * [ get pro ](/account/upgrade/pro)

[about](/about) [jobs](/jobs) [blog](//blog.flickr.net/en)
[developers](/services/developer) [guidelines](/help/guidelines)
[help](//help.flickr.com) [help forum](/help/forum) [privacy](/help/privacy)
[terms](/help/terms) cookies

[english](/change_language.gne?lang=en-us&csrf=)

# policies & guidelines

  * [ terms ](/help/terms)
  * [ privacy ](/help/privacy)
  * [ api ](/help/terms/api)
  * [ community ](/help/guidelines)
  * [ cookies ](/help/cookies)
  * [ data processing ](/help/dpa)
  * 

## flickr community guidelines

flickr accounts are intended for members to share original photos and video
that they themselves have created.

these community guidelines are here to help you understand what it means to be
a member of flickr. don't forget that your use of flickr is subject to these
community guidelines and our [terms of
service](https://www.flickr.com/help/terms).

things to do

  * play nice

we're a global community of many types of people, who all have the right to
feel comfortable and who may not think what you think, believe what you
believe, or see what you see. so, be polite and respectful in your
interactions with other members.

  * only upload content that you have created.

respect the copyright of others. this means don't steal photos or videos that
other people have shared and pass them off as your own. (that's what favorites
and galleries are for.)

  * moderate your content.

all content on flickr, whether public or private, has to be appropriately
moderated using our safety and content filters.

  * link back to flickr when you post your flickr content elsewhere.

flickr makes it possible to post content hosted on flickr to other web sites.
pages on other web sites that display content hosted on flickr must provide a
link from each photo or video back to its page on flickr. this provides a way
to get more information about the content and the photographer.

  * enjoy flickr!

this is your community. celebrate your creativity, be social and share what's
important to you. see the world through others' eyes, participate, find your
muse, and expand your horizons!

things not to do

here's the deal: we like to give second chances. however, when we discover you
stepping across any of the lines listed below, we will take action, which may
mean deleting your account with or without warning.

  * don't upload collections of photos that aren’t yours.

this includes other people's photos, video, and/or stuff you've copied or
collected from around the internet. accounts that consist of such collections
may be deleted at any time.

  * don't violate copyright laws

if you see photos or videos that you've created in another member's
photostream, don't panic. this is probably just a misunderstanding and not
malicious. a good first step is to contact them via flickrmail and politely
ask them to remove it. if that doesn’t work, you can file a [notice with
flickr's designated copyright agent](https://help.flickr.com/en_us/copyright-
and-intellectual-property-policy-hy9dcimp7).

  * don't forget to moderate your content

set the appropriate content filters for your images and videos. in general,
anything containing mature content (e.g. nudity, gore) needs to be moderated
appropriately. this includes your buddy icon and cover photo. also, sexually
explicit videos (e.g. pornography) are not permitted. videos of artistic
nature or educational purpose that contain nudity may be allowed under the
moderate safety setting. for additional details check
[here](https://help.flickr.com/en_us/set-the-safety-levels-of-your-flickr-
content-or-account-bjlsk6mjym).

  * don’t forget to set the appropriate content type

set the appropriate content type for your images. in general, anything that is
not a photo or video should be classified as a screenshot or art/illustration.
for additional details check [here](https://flickr.kustomer.help/en_us/set-
the-content-type-of-your-flickr-content-rkvavyd1e).

  * don’t harm children

to say that flickr has a zero tolerance policy towards harmful content
involving minors would be an understatement. in protecting children from
criminal predators, particularly in crimes involving child sexual abuse, we
will aggressively report and cooperate with law enforcement with the goal of
prosecuting to the full extent of the law. this includes, but is not limited
to, images, video, comments, faves, and other communications.

  * don't be creepy.

you know the guy. don't be that guy. if you are that guy, your account will be
deleted.

  * don't upload content that is illegal or prohibited.

this includes but is not limited to drug use, bestiality, and terrorism. if we
find you doing it, your account will be deleted and we'll take appropriate
action, which may include reporting you to law enforcement.

  * don’t harass other users

flickr is not a venue for you to harass, abuse, spam, impersonate, or
intimidate others. so, be polite and respectful in your interactions with
other users.

  * don’t violate users’ privacy.

flickr has a zero tolerance policy towards distributing sexually graphic
images of another person without that person’s consent (non-consensual
pornography). if you’re a victim, please go
[here](https://www.cybercivilrights.org/ccri-crisis-helpline/) for 24-hour
support, and [here](https://badassarmy.org/gethelp/) to meet the badass army.

  * don’t use hate speech.

flickr has a zero-tolerance policy towards attacking a person or group based
on, but is not limited to, race, ethnicity, national origin, religion,
disability, disease, age, sexual orientation, gender, or gender identity.
[here](https://www.adl.org/sites/default/files/documents/assets/pdf/combating-
hate/confront-hate-speech-online.pdf) are some suggestions for confronting
hate online.

  * don’t promote or encourage self-harm.

we do not tolerate promotion of self-harm or the encouragement of others to do
things that might cause them to get hurt.

  * don't host web graphics

flickr is not a place to host generic graphic elements of web page designs,
logos, banners, icons, and other non-photographic elements.

  * don’t spam

we do not tolerate spam, period. this includes, but is not limited to,
excessive favoriting, excessive commenting, deceptive tagging, deceptive photo
titles and descriptions, or resource abuse.

  * don't use flickr for commercial activity, unless you’re a flickr pro.

only flickr pro members are permitted to link directly to a shopping cart,
checkout page, or pricing pages on other sites. flickr pros may also list
prices for their products in their flickr photo descriptions. for more
information about flickr pro accounts go
[here](https://www.flickr.com/account/upgrade/pro).

in conclusion

if you don't feel that you can abide by our community guidelines as outlined
above, maybe flickr isn't for you. we've crafted these guidelines to ensure
that everyone within the flickr community has a good time.

you may also want to check out our [help center](http://help.flickr.com) and
[privacy policy](https://www.smugmug.com/about/privacy-flickr). if you ever
have any questions or comments, we'd love to hear from you. please feel free
to drop us a line via our [webform](https://help.flickr.com/contact).

the flickreenos, dec 17, 2018

  * [about](/about)
  * [jobs](/jobs)
  * [blog](//blog.flickr.net/en)
  * [developers](/services/developer)
  * [guidelines](/help/guidelines)
  * [privacy](/help/privacy)
  * [terms](/help/terms)
  * [help](//help.flickr.com)
  * [report abuse](/abuse)
  * [help forum](/help/forum)
  * [english](/change_language.gne?lang=en-us&csrf=)
  * [smugmug](https://www.smugmug.com/)+[flickr](/). 

  *     * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/flickr)
    * [ ](https://twitter.com/flickr)
    * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/flickr/)

  * [privacy](/help/privacy)
  * [terms](/help/terms)
  * cookies

[smugmug](https://www.smugmug.com/)+[flickr](/).  connecting people through
photography.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/flickr)
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/flickr)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/flickr/)

  * [about](/about)
  * [jobs](/jobs)
  * [blog](//blog.flickr.net/en)
  * [developers](/services/developer)
  * [guidelines](/help/guidelines)
  * [report abuse](/abuse)
  * [privacy](/help/privacy)
  * [terms](/help/terms)
  * [help forum](/help/forum)
  * [english](/change_language.gne?lang=en-us&csrf=)

  * [privacy](/help/privacy)
  * [terms](/help/terms)
  * cookies
  * [help](//help.flickr.com)

[smugmug](https://www.smugmug.com/)+[flickr](/).  connecting people through
photography.

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/flickr)
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/flickr)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/flickr/)

