[fox news](/)

  * [u.s.](/us)
  * [politics](/politics)
  * [media](/media)
  * [opinion](/opinion)
  * [business](//www.foxbusiness.com)
  * [entertainment](/entertainment)
  * [sports](/sports)
  * [lifestyle](/lifestyle)
  * [tv](/shows)
  * [fox nation](//www.foxnews.com/shows/fox-nation)
  * [listen](//radio.foxnews.com/podcast)
  * more

expand / collapse search

login

[watch tv](//video.foxnews.com/v/5614615980001/?#sp=watch-live)

menu

hot topics

###### [coronavirus](/category/health/infectious-disease/coronavirus)

###### [u.s.](/us)

  * [crime](/category/us/crime)
  * [military](/category/us/military)
  * [education](/category/us/education)
  * [terror](/category/us/terror)
  * [immigration](/category/us/immigration)
  * [economy](/category/us/economy)
  * [personal freedoms](/category/us/personal-freedoms)
  * [fox news investigates](/category/news-events/fox-news-investigates)

###### [world](/world)

  * [u.n.](/category/world/united-nations)
  * [conflicts](/category/world/conflicts)
  * [terrorism](/category/world/terrorism)
  * [disasters](/category/world/disasters)
  * [global economy](/category/world/global-economy)
  * [environment](/category/world/environment)
  * [religion](/category/world/world-religion)
  * [scandals](/category/world/scandals)

###### [opinion](/opinion)

###### [politics](/politics)

  * [executive](/category/politics/executive)
  * [senate](/category/politics/senate)
  * [house](/category/politics/house-of-representatives)
  * [judiciary](/category/politics/judiciary)
  * [foreign policy](/category/politics/foreign-policy)
  * [polls](/official-polls)
  * [elections](/category/politics/elections)

###### [entertainment](/entertainment)

  * [celebrity news](/category/entertainment/celebrity-news)
  * [movies](/category/entertainment/movies)
  * [tv news](/category/entertainment/tv)
  * [music news](/category/entertainment/music)
  * [style news](/category/entertainment/style)
  * [entertainment video](//video.foxnews.com/playlist/entertainment-latest-entertainment/)

###### [business](//www.foxbusiness.com/)

  * [personal finance](//www.foxbusiness.com/personal-finance)
  * [economy](//www.foxbusiness.com/economy)
  * [markets](//www.foxbusiness.com/markets)
  * [watchlist](//www.foxbusiness.com/watchlist)
  * [lifestyle](//www.foxbusiness.com/lifestyle)
  * [real estate](//www.foxbusiness.com/real-estate)
  * [tech](//www.foxbusiness.com/category/technology)

###### [lifestyle](/lifestyle)

  * [food + drink](/food-drink)
  * [cars + trucks](/auto)
  * [travel + outdoors](/travel)
  * [house + home](/category/real-estate)
  * [fitness + well-being](/category/fitness-and-wellbeing)
  * [style + beauty](/category/style-and-beauty)
  * [family](/family)
  * [faith](/category/faith-values/faith)

###### [science](/science)

  * [archaeology](/category/science/archaeology)
  * [air & space](/category/science/air-and-space)
  * [planet earth](/category/science/planet-earth)
  * [wild nature](/category/science/wild-nature)
  * [natural science](/category/science/natural-science)
  * [dinosaurs](/category/science/archaeology/dinosaurs)

###### [tech](/tech)

  * [security](/category/tech/topics/security)
  * [innovation](/category/tech/topics/innovation)
  * [drones](/category/tech/technologies/drones)
  * [computers](/category/tech/topics/computers)
  * [video games](/category/tech/topics/video-games)
  * [military tech](/category/tech/topics/military-tech)

###### [health](/health)

  * [coronavirus](/category/health/infectious-disease/coronavirus)
  * [healthy living](/category/health/healthy-living)
  * [medical research](/category/health/medical-research)
  * [mental health](/category/health/mental-health)
  * [cancer](/category/health/cancer)
  * [heart health](/category/health/heart-health)
  * [children's health](/category/health/healthy-living/childrens-health)

###### [tv](/shows)

  * [shows](/shows)
  * [personalities](/person/personalities)
  * [watch live](//video.foxnews.com/v/5614615980001/?#sp=watch-live)
  * [full episodes](//video.foxnews.com/playlist/episodic-most-recent-episodes/)
  * [show clips](//video.foxnews.com/#sp=show-clips)
  * [news clips](//video.foxnews.com/#sp=news-clips)

######  about

  * [contact us](//www.foxnews.com/contact)
  * [careers](//foxcareers.com/search/searchresults?brand=fox%20news%20careers)
  * [fox around the world](/foxaroundtheworld/)
  * [advertise with us](mailto:adsales@foxnews.com?subject=advertising%20inquiry)
  * [media relations](//press.foxnews.com/media-contacts/)
  * [corporate information](//press.foxnews.com/)
  * [compliance](/compliance)
  * [supplier diversity](https://supplierdiversity.foxnews.com/)

######  other

  * [fox nation](//www.foxnews.com/shows/fox-nation)
  * [fox news shop](//shop.foxnews.com)
  * [fox news go](/go)
  * [fox news radio](//radio.foxnews.com/)
  * [newsletters](/alerts/subscribe)
  * [alerts](/newsletter-signup/alerts)
  * [podcasts](//radio.foxnews.com/podcast)
  * [apps & products](/apps-products)

[fox news](//www.foxnews.com)

  * [new terms of use](/terms-of-use)
  * [updated privacy policy](/privacy-policy)
  * [do not sell my personal information](/donotsell)
  * [closed captioning policy](/closed-captioning)
  * [help](//help.foxnews.com)
  * [contact us](/contact)

this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
©2021 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. quotes displayed in real-
time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. market data provided by
[factset](https://www.factset.com/). powered and implemented by [factset
digital solutions](https://www.factset.com/solutions/business-needs/digital-
solutions). [legal statement](https://www.factset.com/privacy). mutual fund
and etf data provided by [refinitiv
lipper](https://lipperalpha.refinitiv.com/).

  * [facebook](//www.facebook.com/foxnews)
  * [twitter](//twitter.com/foxnews)
  * [google+](//www.google.com/+foxnews)
  * [instagram](//www.instagram.com/foxnews)
  * [rss](/about/rss/)
  * [email](/alerts/subscribe)

# fox news network, llc terms of use agreement

effective as of may 19, 2020

please carefully read these terms of use, along with the privacy policy and
other policies or agreements referenced in these terms of use, before using
the “company services” (as defined below).

**description of company services and acceptance of terms of use including
arbitration of disputes**

fox news network, llc ("company, "we" or "us") has developed these terms of
use to describe the terms that govern your use of foxnews.com,
foxbusiness.com, foxnation.com, foxnews.mobi, m.foxbusiness.com, the fox news
ios application, the fox business ios application, the fox news andriod
application, the fox business android application and any company branded url,
wap site and mobile application and other content and services that link to
these terms of use (collectively the "company sites"). the services company
provides on company sites include messaging services, video services, rrs
feeds, podcasting services, mobile services, text messaging campaigns, and any
other feature, content or application offered from time to time by company
(collectively, the "company services"). company is based in the united states
and the company services are hosted in the united states.

company furnishes the company sites and the company services for your personal
enjoyment and entertainment. by visiting the company sites (whether or not you
are a registered member) or using the company services, you accept and agree
to be bound by this agreement, including any future modifications
("agreement"), and to abide by all applicable laws, rules and regulations
("applicable law"). please read through this agreement carefully. company may
modify this agreement at any time, and each such modification will be
effective upon posting on the company sites. all material modifications will
apply prospectively only. your continued use of the company sites or the
company services following any modification of this agreement constitutes your
acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the agreement as modified. it is
therefore important that you review this agreement regularly. if you do not
agree to be bound by this agreement and to abide by all applicable law, you
must discontinue use of the company services immediately.

your access to and use of certain company services is conditioned upon your
compliance with this agreement, which incorporated by reference our [privacy
policy](https://www.foxnews.com/privacy-policy) and any end user license
agreement that might accompany the company services. your access to and use of
certain company services may require you to accept additional terms and
conditions applicable to such company services, in addition to this agreement,
and may require you to download software or content (as defined below). in the
event of a conflict between any such additional terms and this agreement, such
additional terms will prevail.

please note that the "arbitration agreement" section below contains provisions
that require (i) with limited exceptions, all disputes arising between you and
company under this agreement to be resolved in binding arbitration, and not in
court, and (ii) you and company waive the right to bring or participate in a
class action in connection with such disputes. please [click
here](https://www.foxnews.com/terms-of-use#arbitration) to review the
arbitration agreement. by using this site and accepting this agreement, you
agree to be bound by the arbitration agreement. please read it carefully.

**registration and security**

you take full responsibility for your participation on the site. as a
condition of using certain features of the site, you may be required to
register on the site and/or select a username and password. all registration
information you submit to create an account must be accurate and kept up to
date. your failure to do so will constitute a breach of the agreement, which
may result in immediate termination of your account. you may not (i) select or
use as a username a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that
person; or (ii) use as a username a name subject to any rights of another
person without appropriate authorization. company reserves the right to refuse
registration of, or cancel, a username, in its sole discretion. if we cancel
your registration, you agree that you will not create another one or otherwise
try to access the company services without our permission. you agree not to
sell, transfer or assign your registration or any registration rights. it is
your responsibility to notify us of any changes in such information, including
but not limited to your contact information.

you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and
are responsible for all use of your account. it is therefore critical that you
do not share your password with anyone. you agree not to use the account,
username, email address or password of another member or subscriber at any
time and not to allow any other person to use your account. your account is
not transferable. you agree to notify company immediately if you suspect any
unauthorized use of, or access to, your account or password.

**access**

the site is intended solely for your personal and non-commercial use. company
may change, suspend or discontinue the site (or any feature thereof) at any
time. company may also impose limits on certain features and services offered
on the site or restrict your access to parts or all of the site without notice
or liability. you acknowledge that from time to time the site may be
inaccessible or inoperable for any reason, including, without limitation: (i)
equipment malfunctions; (ii) periodic maintenance procedures or repairs which
company may undertake from time to time; or (iii) causes beyond the control of
company or which are not reasonably foreseeable by company.

the company services are not intended to be used by children without
involvement and approval of a parent or guardian. if you are under the age of
13, you are not permitted to register with company or provide your personal
information to company. if you are at least 13 and under 18 years of age (or
under the applicable age of majority in your state or territory of residence),
you may register with the company services only if you have the consent of
your parent or guardian, including consent to this agreement on your behalf.
if you subscribe to company and wish to create subprofiles (if available)
under your subscription, you must ensure all users of such subprofiles are 18
years of age or older (or the applicable age of majority in your state or
territory of residence).

**termination**

unless terminated by company in its sole discretion, this agreement remains in
full force and effect while you use the company services. you may terminate
your account on the company sites at any time, for any reason, by emailing
[foxnewsonline@foxnews.com](mailto:foxnewsonline@foxnews.com), subject:
terminate my account. company may terminate your account and/or access to the
company services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior
notice or explanation, and shall have no liability to you for such
termination. even after your user account or access to the company services is
terminated by you or by company, this agreement will remain in effect with
respect to your past and future use of the company sites or the company
services. any rights to your account terminate upon your death.

**fees**

you acknowledge that company reserves the right to charge subscription fees
for any portion of the company services. the company will provide you with
advance notice of any such fees, including any change in the amount of such
fees, and a way to cancel your account or subscription in the event you do not
wish to pay the modified fee. if you continue to use the company services
after a subscription fee has been imposed or increased, you are expressly
agreeing to the subscription fee or increase thereto and you will be
responsible for paying such subscription fee for the balance of your
subscription. if company suspends or terminates your account and/or access to
the company services because you have breached the agreement or violated
applicable law, you will not be entitled to a refund of any unused portion of
such fees or other payments.

**purchasing the company sites services or products**

in connection with a purchase of any service, subscription or product on the
company sites ("site product"), you may be required to provide personal
information, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address,
credit card and billing information (collectively, "personal financial
information"), to an independent third party selected by, but not affiliated
with, company (the "processor"). where the processor is responsible for
collecting, transmitting and/or processing your personal financial information
and, in some instances, for fulfilling your order, all payment obligations for
site products shall be governed by the terms of use/service and privacy
policy(ies) of the processor. if you make a purchase from the company sites
you are warranting that you are authorized to make the purchase using the form
of payment that you provide to the processor. you must be 18 years of age or
older to purchase a site product.

company makes no warranty, and accepts no liability for any loss or damages
whatsoever, relating to or in connection with your placement of an order for a
site product with the processor. company provides no refunds for, makes no
warranty for, and to the fullest extent provided by law, accepts no liability
regarding purchases you make on the company sites. you are solely responsible
for any and all transactions utilizing your personal financial information,
including, but not limited to, any and all charges. you acknowledge and agree
that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event processor
experiences a data breach that affects your personal financial information,
company will in no way be responsible or liable to you for any such breach.

the company will not store any record of personal financial information
related to purchases or other transactions you make through the company
services. you should therefore maintain records of all your transactions. if
you have any questions regarding your transactions or believe that there is an
error or unauthorized transaction or activity associated with transactions
utilizing your personal financial information, you must contact the processor.

**limited content license**

the company services are offered for your personal use only and may not be
used for commercial purposes. the company services contain information, text,
files, images, videos, sounds, musical works, works of authorship, software,
applications, product names, company names, trade names, logos, designs, and
any other materials or content (collectively, "content") of company, its
licensors, or assignors ("company content"), as well as content provided by
users or other third parties. content contained in the company services is
protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other laws and, as
between you and company, company, its licensors, or its assignors, own and
retain all rights in the company content. company hereby grants you a limited,
revocable, nonsublicensable license to access and display or perform the
company content (excluding any software code) solely for your personal, non-
commercial use in connection with using the company services. except as
provided in this agreement or as explicitly allowed on the company services,
you may not copy, download, stream, capture, reproduce, duplicate, archive,
upload, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, retransmit,
distribute, perform, display, sell, frame or deep-link, make available, or
otherwise use any content contained in the company services.

except as explicitly and expressly permitted by the company or by the limited
license set forth above, you are strictly prohibited from creating works or
materials (including but not limited to fonts, icons, link buttons, wallpaper,
desktop themes, on-line postcards, montages, mash-ups and similar videos,
greeting cards and unlicensed merchandise) that derive from or are based on
the company content. this prohibition applies regardless of whether such
derivative works or materials are sold, bartered or given away. also, you may
not either directly or through the use of any device, software, internet site,
web-based service or other means, remove, alter, bypass, avoid, interfere
with, or circumvent any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notice
marked on the content contained in the company services or any digital rights
management mechanism, device, or other content protection, copy control or
access control measure associated with the content contained in the company
services, including geo-filtering mechanisms. except as necessary in order to
make reference to the company, its products and services in a purely
descriptive capacity, you are expressly prohibited from using any company
content in any manner.

you may not, without the company's written permission, "mirror" any contents
contained on the site or any other server. you may not use the site for any
purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the agreement. you may not use the
site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the site,
or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the site. you may not
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the site through hacking, password
mining or any other means. company reserves the right, in its sole discretion,
to terminate your access to the site, or any portion thereof, at any time, for
any reason or for no reason at all, without prior notice or any notice.

**restrictions on use of company services**

you understand that you are responsible for all content that you post, upload,
transmit, email or otherwise make available on the company sites or on,
through or in connection with the company services (collectively, "user
content"). additionally, you acknowledge that you have no expectation of
privacy in or confidentiality with respect to your user content. accordingly,
please choose user content carefully.

you agree not to use the company services to:

\- post, upload or otherwise transmit or link to content that is: unlawful;
threatening; abusive; obscene; vulgar; sexually explicit; pornographic or
inclusive of nudity; offensive; excessively violent; invasive of another's
privacy, publicity, contract or other rights; tortious; false or misleading;
defamatory; libelous; hateful; or discriminatory;

\- violate the rights of others including patent, trademark, trade secret,
copyright, privacy, publicity or other proprietary rights;

\- harass or harm another person;

\- exploit or endanger a minor;

\- impersonate or attempt to impersonate any person or entity;

\- introduce or engage in activity that involves the use of viruses, bots,
worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy,
or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
telecommunications equipment, or otherwise permit the unauthorized use of or
access to a computer or a computer network;

\- attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the
software comprising the company sites or the company services;

\- interfere with, damage, disable, disrupt, impair, create an undue burden
on, or gain unauthorized access to the company services, including company's
servers, networks or accounts;

\- cover, remove, disable, block or obscure advertisements or other portions
of the company services;

\- delete or revise any information provided by or pertaining to any other
user of the company services;

\- use technology or any automated system such as scripts, spiders, offline
readers or bots in order to collect or disseminate usernames, passwords, email
addresses or other data from the company services, or to circumvent or modify
any security technology or software that is part of the company services;

\- send or cause to send (directly or indirectly) unsolicited bulk messages or
other unsolicited bulk communications of any kind through the company
services. if you do so, you acknowledge you will have caused substantial harm
to company, but that the amount of harm would be extremely difficult to
measure. as a reasonable estimation of such harm, and by way of liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, you agree to pay company $50 for each actual or
intended recipient of such communication;

\- solicit, collect or request any personal information for commercial or
unlawful purposes;

\- post, upload or otherwise transmit an image or video of another person
without that person's consent;

\- engage in commercial activity (including but not limited to advertisements
or solicitations of business; sales; contests; sweepstakes; creating,
recreating, distributing or advertising an index of any significant portion of
the company content; or building a business using the company content) without
company's prior written consent;

\- using technology or other means to access, index, frame, or link to the
company sites (including the content) that is not authorized by the company
sites (including by removing disabling, bypassing, or circumventing any
content protection or access control mechanisms intended to prevent the
unauthorized download, stream capture, linking, framing, reproduction, access
to, or distribution of company content);

\- accessing the company sites (including the content) through any automated
means, including "robots," "spiders," or "offline readers" (other than by
individually performed searches on publicly accessible search engines for the
sole purpose of, and solely to the extent necessary for, creating publicly
available search indices - but not caches or archives - of the company sites
and excluding those search engines or indices that host, promote, or link
primarily to infringing or unauthorized content;

\- use the company services to advertise or promote competing services;

\- use the company services in a manner inconsistent with any and all
applicable law;

\- attempt, facilitate, induce, aid and abet, or encourage others to do any of
the foregoing.

company reserves the right, but disclaims any obligation or responsibility, to
remove user content that violates this agreement, as determined by company, or
for any other reason, in company's sole discretion and without notice to you.
you acknowledge the company reserves the right to investigate and take
appropriate legal action against anyone who, in company's sole discretion,
violates this agreement, including but not limited to, terminating their user
account and/or reporting such user content, conduct, or activity to law
enforcement authorities.

you acknowledge, consent and agree that company may access, preserve or
disclose information you provide to the company sites, including user content
and your account registration information, including when company has a good
faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is necessary in
order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety,
or property of company, our parents, subsidiaries or affiliates ("company
affiliates"), or their employees, agents and contractors (including
enforcement of this agreement or our other agreements); (ii) protect the
safety, privacy, and security of users of the company services or members of
the public including in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or
for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or
(v) respond to requests from public and government authorities. if company
sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or
is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its
business, company may transfer your information to the party or parties
involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

company reserves the right to limit the storage capacity of user content. you
assume full responsibility for maintaining backup copies of your user content,
and company assumes no responsibility for any loss of your user content due to
its being removed by company or for any other reason.

**user content on message boards and forums**

the company sites may offer users the ability to post messages on message
boards, chat areas, bulletin boards, e-mail functions, forums, and other
interactive areas as a part of the company services (collectively, "forums"),
which may be open to the public generally, to all members of the company
sites, or to a select group of members to a specific forum group. you
acknowledge that all content posted on forums is user content, and by posting
on forums you agree to comply with the rules and restrictions on user content
set forth above and any other rules specifically applicable to such forums.
company reserves the right, but disclaims any obligation or responsibility, to
prevent you from posting user content to any forum and to restrict or remove
your user content from a forum or refuse to include your user content in a
forum for any reason at any time, in company's sole discretion and without
notice to you.

you acknowledge that messages posted on such forums are public, and company
cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose through any
forum; you make such disclosures at your own risk. company is not responsible
for the content or accuracy of any information posted on a forum, and shall
not be responsible for any decisions made based on such information.

**your proprietary rights in and license to your user content**

company does not claim any ownership rights in the user content that you post,
upload, email, transmit, or otherwise make available (collectively,
"transmit") on, through or in connection with the company services, except
with respect to your unsolicited submissions, as described under "unsolicited
submissions" below; provided, however, that user content shall not include any
company content or content owned by a company affiliate. by posting or
transmitting any user content on, through or in connection with the company
services, you hereby grant to company and our company affiliates, licensees,
assignees, and authorized users a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-
exclusive, fully-paid and royalty-free, freely sublicensable, transferable (in
whole or in part) right (including any moral rights) and license to use,
modify, excerpt, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works and
compilations based upon, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce,
sublicense, and distribute such user content, including your name, voice,
likeness and other personally identifiable information to the extent that such
is contained in user content, anywhere, in any form and on and through all
media formats now known or hereafter devised, for any and all purposes
including, but not limited to, promotional, marketing, trade or any non-
commercial or commercial purposes. additionally, company is free to use any
ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained within such user content
for any purpose including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing,
marketing and providing commercial products and services, including company
services. company's use of such user content shall not require any further
notice or attribution to you and such use shall be without the requirement of
any permission from or any payment to you or any other person or entity. you
hereby appoint company as your agent with full authority to execute any
document or take any action company may consider appropriate in order to
confirm the rights granted by you to company in this agreement.

you represent and warrant that: (i) you own the user content transmitted by
you on, through or in connection with the company services, or otherwise have
the right to grant the license set forth in this section, and (ii) the
transmission of user content by you on, through or in connection with the
company services and third party services does not violate the privacy rights,
publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any
person or entity. you agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other
monies owing any person or entity by reason of the use of any user content
transmitted by you on or through the company services or third party services.

if you delete your user content from the company sites, company's license to
such user content will end after a reasonable period of time necessary for the
deletion to take full effect. however, the user content may be retained in the
company's back-up copies of the company sites, which are not publicly
available. furthermore, to the extent that company made use of your user
content before you deleted it, company will retain the right to make such pre-
existing uses even after your user content is deleted. you acknowledge that
(i) deletion of your user content from the company sites will not result in,
and company assumes no responsibility for, the deletion of such user content
by any third parties who were provided with or had access to such user content
prior to your deleting it from the company sites, and (ii) termination of your
account or your use of the company services will not result in the immediate
or automatic deletion of your user content consistent with this agreement.

**removal of material that infringes copyrights**

company respects the intellectual property of others and requires that our
users do the same. company has a policy that provides for the termination in
appropriate circumstances of subscribers and account holders of company
services who are repeat infringers. company also reserves the right to remove
or disable access to any transmission of content that infringes the copyright
of any person under the laws of the united states upon receipt of a notice
that substantially complies with the requirements of 17 u.s.c. § 512(c)(3) as
set forth above.

__if you believe material on company services infringes your copyright.__

if you believe that any material residing on or linked to from company
services infringes your copyright, you must send company's designated
copyright agent a written notification of claimed infringement that contains
substantially all of the following information: (a) identification of the
copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted
works are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such
works; (b) identification of the claimed infringing material and information
reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material on the company
services (such as the url(s) of the claimed infringing material); (c)
information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an
address, telephone number, and an email address; (d) a statement by you that
you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law; (e) a statement by you that the above
information in your notification is accurate and a statement by you, made
under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed or are authorized to act on the owner's behalf; and (f)
your physical or electronic signature. company's copyright agent for
notification of claimed infringement can be reached at:

lesley west, copyright agent  
email: [ldepartment@foxnews.com](mailto:ldepartment@foxnews.com)  
subject line: dmca notice  
address: 1211 avenue of the americas, new york, ny 10036  
phone: 212.301.3000  
fax: 212.301.5785

__if you posted material to company service that was removed due to notice by
a copyright owner.__

if you posted material to company services that company removed due to a
notice of claimed infringement from a copyright owner, company will take
reasonable steps promptly to notify you that the material has been removed or
disabled. this notice may be by means of a general notice on the company sites
or by written or electronic communication to such address(es) you have
provided to company, if any. you may provide counter-notification in response
to such notice in a written communication that includes substantially all of
the following: (i) identification of the material that has been removed or to
which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared
before it was removed or access to it was disabled; (ii) a statement by you,
under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material
was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the
material to be removed or disabled; (iii) your name, address, telephone
number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal
district court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or
if your address is outside of the united states, for any judicial district in
which company may be found, and that you will accept service of process from
the person who provided notification requesting the removal or disabling of
access to the material or such person's agent; and (iv) your physical or
electronic signature.

please note that, under 17 u.s.c. §512(f), any person who knowingly makes
material misrepresentations in a notification of claimed infringement or any
counter-notification may be liable for damages.

**your exposure to others' user content**

you understand that company does not control the user content posted by users
via the company services and, as such, you understand you may be exposed to
offensive, inaccurate or otherwise objectionable user content. company assumes
no responsibility or liability for this type of content. if you become aware
of any misuse of the company services, including in violation of any
"restrictions on use of company services," please report it immediately to
company. company assumes no responsibility for monitoring the company services
for inappropriate user content or user conduct. if at any time, company
chooses in its sole discretion to monitor the company services, company
nonetheless assumes no responsibility for content other than company content,
no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate content, and no
responsibility for the conduct of any user.

**third party links and services**

the company services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other
websites, applications, resources or other services created by third parties
("third party services"). when you engage with a provider of a third party
service, you are interacting with the third party, not with company. if you
choose to use a third party service and share information with it, the
provider of the third party service may use and share your data in accordance
with its privacy policy and your privacy settings on such third party service.
company encourages you not to provide any personally identifiable information
to or through any third party service unless you know and are comfortable with
the party with whom you are interacting. in addition, the provider of the
third party servic

###### [coronavirus](/category/health/infectious-disease/coronavirus)

###### [u.s.](/us)

  * [crime](/category/us/crime)
  * [military](/category/us/military)
  * [education](/category/us/education)
  * [terror](/category/us/terror)
  * [immigration](/category/us/immigration)
  * [economy](/category/us/economy)
  * [personal freedoms](/category/us/personal-freedoms)
  * [fox news investigates](/category/news-events/fox-news-investigates)

###### [world](/world)

  * [u.n.](/category/world/united-nations)
  * [conflicts](/category/world/conflicts)
  * [terrorism](/category/world/terrorism)
  * [disasters](/category/world/disasters)
  * [global economy](/category/world/global-economy)
  * [environment](/category/world/environment)
  * [religion](/category/world/world-religion)
  * [scandals](/category/world/scandals)

###### [opinion](/opinion)

###### [politics](/politics)

  * [executive](/category/politics/executive)
  * [senate](/category/politics/senate)
  * [house](/category/politics/house-of-representatives)
  * [judiciary](/category/politics/judiciary)
  * [foreign policy](/category/politics/foreign-policy)
  * [polls](/official-polls)
  * [elections](/category/politics/elections)

###### [entertainment](/entertainment)

  * [celebrity news](/category/entertainment/celebrity-news)
  * [movies](/category/entertainment/movies)
  * [tv news](/category/entertainment/tv)
  * [music news](/category/entertainment/music)
  * [style news](/category/entertainment/style)
  * [entertainment video](//video.foxnews.com/playlist/entertainment-latest-entertainment/)

###### [business](//www.foxbusiness.com/)

  * [personal finance](//www.foxbusiness.com/personal-finance)
  * [economy](//www.foxbusiness.com/economy)
  * [markets](//www.foxbusiness.com/markets)
  * [watchlist](//www.foxbusiness.com/watchlist)
  * [lifestyle](//www.foxbusiness.com/lifestyle)
  * [real estate](//www.foxbusiness.com/real-estate)
  * [tech](//www.foxbusiness.com/category/technology)

###### [lifestyle](/lifestyle)

  * [food + drink](/food-drink)
  * [cars + trucks](/auto)
  * [travel + outdoors](/travel)
  * [house + home](/category/real-estate)
  * [fitness + well-being](/category/fitness-and-wellbeing)
  * [style + beauty](/category/style-and-beauty)
  * [family](/family)
  * [faith](/category/faith-values/faith)

###### [science](/science)

  * [archaeology](/category/science/archaeology)
  * [air & space](/category/science/air-and-space)
  * [planet earth](/category/science/planet-earth)
  * [wild nature](/category/science/wild-nature)
  * [natural science](/category/science/natural-science)
  * [dinosaurs](/category/science/archaeology/dinosaurs)

###### [tech](/tech)

  * [security](/category/tech/topics/security)
  * [innovation](/category/tech/topics/innovation)
  * [drones](/category/tech/technologies/drones)
  * [computers](/category/tech/topics/computers)
  * [video games](/category/tech/topics/video-games)
  * [military tech](/category/tech/topics/military-tech)

###### [health](/health)

  * [coronavirus](/category/health/infectious-disease/coronavirus)
  * [healthy living](/category/health/healthy-living)
  * [medical research](/category/health/medical-research)
  * [mental health](/category/health/mental-health)
  * [cancer](/category/health/cancer)
  * [heart health](/category/health/heart-health)
  * [children's health](/category/health/healthy-living/childrens-health)

###### [tv](/shows)

  * [shows](/shows)
  * [personalities](/person/personalities)
  * [watch live](//video.foxnews.com/v/5614615980001/?#sp=watch-live)
  * [full episodes](//video.foxnews.com/playlist/episodic-most-recent-episodes/)
  * [show clips](//video.foxnews.com/#sp=show-clips)
  * [news clips](//video.foxnews.com/#sp=news-clips)

######  about

  * [contact us](//www.foxnews.com/contact)
  * [careers](//foxcareers.com/search/searchresults?brand=fox%20news%20careers)
  * [fox around the world](/foxaroundtheworld/)
  * [advertise with us](mailto:adsales@foxnews.com?subject=advertising%20inquiry)
  * [media relations](//press.foxnews.com/media-contacts/)
  * [corporate information](//press.foxnews.com/)
  * [compliance](/compliance)
  * [supplier diversity](https://supplierdiversity.foxnews.com/)

######  other

  * [fox nation](//www.foxnews.com/shows/fox-nation)
  * [fox news shop](//shop.foxnews.com)
  * [fox news go](/go)
  * [fox news radio](//radio.foxnews.com/)
  * [newsletters](/alerts/subscribe)
  * [alerts](/newsletter-signup/alerts)
  * [podcasts](//radio.foxnews.com/podcast)
  * [apps & products](/apps-products)

  * [facebook](//www.facebook.com/foxnews)
  * [twitter](//twitter.com/foxnews)
  * [instagram](//www.instagram.com/foxnews)
  * [youtube](//www.youtube.com/foxnewschannel)
  * [flipboard](//flipboard.com/@foxnews)
  * [linkedin](//www.linkedin.com/company/fox-news-channel/)
  * [slack](//foxnews.slack.com/apps/a013auf6vmg-fox-news)
  * [rss](//www.foxnews.com/about/rss/)
  * [newsletters](//www.foxnews.com/newsletters)
  * [spotify](//open.spotify.com/show/7a4yfyftnozhqmv7f3kyvu)
  * [iheartradio](//www.iheart.com/podcast/256-the-fox-news-rundown-31090295/)

[fox news](//www.foxnews.com)

  * [new terms of use](/terms-of-use)
  * [updated privacy policy](/privacy-policy)
  * [do not sell my personal information](/donotsell)
  * [closed captioning policy](/closed-captioning)
  * [help](//help.foxnews.com)
  * [contact us](/contact)
  * [accessibility statement](/accessibility-statement)

this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
©2021 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. quotes displayed in real-
time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. market data provided by
[factset](https://www.factset.com/). powered and implemented by [factset
digital solutions](https://www.factset.com/solutions/business-needs/digital-
solutions). [legal statement](https://www.factset.com/privacy). mutual fund
and etf data provided by [refinitiv
lipper](https://lipperalpha.refinitiv.com/).

