[fox news](/)

  * [u.s.](/us)
  * [politics](/politics)
  * [media](/media)
  * [opinion](/opinion)
  * [business](//www.foxbusiness.com)
  * [entertainment](/entertainment)
  * [sports](/sports)
  * [lifestyle](/lifestyle)
  * [tv](/shows)
  * [fox nation](//www.foxnews.com/shows/fox-nation)
  * [listen](//radio.foxnews.com/podcast)
  * more

expand / collapse search

login

[watch tv](//video.foxnews.com/v/5614615980001/?#sp=watch-live)

menu

hot topics

###### [coronavirus](/category/health/infectious-disease/coronavirus)

###### [u.s.](/us)

  * [crime](/category/us/crime)
  * [military](/category/us/military)
  * [education](/category/us/education)
  * [terror](/category/us/terror)
  * [immigration](/category/us/immigration)
  * [economy](/category/us/economy)
  * [personal freedoms](/category/us/personal-freedoms)
  * [fox news investigates](/category/news-events/fox-news-investigates)

###### [world](/world)

  * [u.n.](/category/world/united-nations)
  * [conflicts](/category/world/conflicts)
  * [terrorism](/category/world/terrorism)
  * [disasters](/category/world/disasters)
  * [global economy](/category/world/global-economy)
  * [environment](/category/world/environment)
  * [religion](/category/world/world-religion)
  * [scandals](/category/world/scandals)

###### [opinion](/opinion)

###### [politics](/politics)

  * [executive](/category/politics/executive)
  * [senate](/category/politics/senate)
  * [house](/category/politics/house-of-representatives)
  * [judiciary](/category/politics/judiciary)
  * [foreign policy](/category/politics/foreign-policy)
  * [polls](/official-polls)
  * [elections](/category/politics/elections)

###### [entertainment](/entertainment)

  * [celebrity news](/category/entertainment/celebrity-news)
  * [movies](/category/entertainment/movies)
  * [tv news](/category/entertainment/tv)
  * [music news](/category/entertainment/music)
  * [style news](/category/entertainment/style)
  * [entertainment video](//video.foxnews.com/playlist/entertainment-latest-entertainment/)

###### [business](//www.foxbusiness.com/)

  * [personal finance](//www.foxbusiness.com/personal-finance)
  * [economy](//www.foxbusiness.com/economy)
  * [markets](//www.foxbusiness.com/markets)
  * [watchlist](//www.foxbusiness.com/watchlist)
  * [lifestyle](//www.foxbusiness.com/lifestyle)
  * [real estate](//www.foxbusiness.com/real-estate)
  * [tech](//www.foxbusiness.com/category/technology)

###### [lifestyle](/lifestyle)

  * [food + drink](/food-drink)
  * [cars + trucks](/auto)
  * [travel + outdoors](/travel)
  * [house + home](/category/real-estate)
  * [fitness + well-being](/category/fitness-and-wellbeing)
  * [style + beauty](/category/style-and-beauty)
  * [family](/family)
  * [faith](/category/faith-values/faith)

###### [science](/science)

  * [archaeology](/category/science/archaeology)
  * [air & space](/category/science/air-and-space)
  * [planet earth](/category/science/planet-earth)
  * [wild nature](/category/science/wild-nature)
  * [natural science](/category/science/natural-science)
  * [dinosaurs](/category/science/archaeology/dinosaurs)

###### [tech](/tech)

  * [security](/category/tech/topics/security)
  * [innovation](/category/tech/topics/innovation)
  * [drones](/category/tech/technologies/drones)
  * [computers](/category/tech/topics/computers)
  * [video games](/category/tech/topics/video-games)
  * [military tech](/category/tech/topics/military-tech)

###### [health](/health)

  * [coronavirus](/category/health/infectious-disease/coronavirus)
  * [healthy living](/category/health/healthy-living)
  * [medical research](/category/health/medical-research)
  * [mental health](/category/health/mental-health)
  * [cancer](/category/health/cancer)
  * [heart health](/category/health/heart-health)
  * [children's health](/category/health/healthy-living/childrens-health)

###### [tv](/shows)

  * [shows](/shows)
  * [personalities](/person/personalities)
  * [watch live](//video.foxnews.com/v/5614615980001/?#sp=watch-live)
  * [full episodes](//video.foxnews.com/playlist/episodic-most-recent-episodes/)
  * [show clips](//video.foxnews.com/#sp=show-clips)
  * [news clips](//video.foxnews.com/#sp=news-clips)

######  about

  * [contact us](//www.foxnews.com/contact)
  * [careers](//foxcareers.com/search/searchresults?brand=fox%20news%20careers)
  * [fox around the world](/foxaroundtheworld/)
  * [advertise with us](mailto:adsales@foxnews.com?subject=advertising%20inquiry)
  * [media relations](//press.foxnews.com/media-contacts/)
  * [corporate information](//press.foxnews.com/)
  * [compliance](/compliance)
  * [supplier diversity](https://supplierdiversity.foxnews.com/)

######  other

  * [fox nation](//www.foxnews.com/shows/fox-nation)
  * [fox news shop](//shop.foxnews.com)
  * [fox news go](/go)
  * [fox news radio](//radio.foxnews.com/)
  * [newsletters](/alerts/subscribe)
  * [alerts](/newsletter-signup/alerts)
  * [podcasts](//radio.foxnews.com/podcast)
  * [apps & products](/apps-products)

[fox news](//www.foxnews.com)

  * [new terms of use](/terms-of-use)
  * [updated privacy policy](/privacy-policy)
  * [do not sell my personal information](/donotsell)
  * [closed captioning policy](/closed-captioning)
  * [help](//help.foxnews.com)
  * [contact us](/contact)

this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Â©2021 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. quotes displayed in real-
time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. market data provided by
[factset](https://www.factset.com/). powered and implemented by [factset
digital solutions](https://www.factset.com/solutions/business-needs/digital-
solutions). [legal statement](https://www.factset.com/privacy). mutual fund
and etf data provided by [refinitiv
lipper](https://lipperalpha.refinitiv.com/).

  * [facebook](//www.facebook.com/foxnews)
  * [twitter](//twitter.com/foxnews)
  * [google+](//www.google.com/+foxnews)
  * [instagram](//www.instagram.com/foxnews)
  * [rss](/about/rss/)
  * [email](/alerts/subscribe)

# closed captioning policy

![closed-caption-logo](http://global.fncstatic.com/static/v/all/static-
page/closed-caption-policy-fn/img/cc-icon.png)

fox news is pleased to offer closed captioning on many fox news programs made
available online and through mobile apps. programs with closed captioning will
have a "cc" icon in the player controls. just tap to enable or disable.

[certification statement](//www.foxnews.com/closed-captioning/fnc-cc-cert.pdf)

to report an issue or concern regarding closed captioning on foxnews.com,
please contact us at
[closedcaptioning@foxnews.com](mailto:closedcaptioning@foxnews.com). please
detail your issue or concern by providing the following information:

  * name of the program
  * type of issue (e.g., garbling, missing captions on a certain episode, captions cut off at certain times or on certain days)
  * website or application where you viewed the program
  * approximate time and date that the issue occurred
  * your name and contact information including mailing address, email and phone number

written complaints concerning captioning on fox news programs made available
online or through mobile apps may be sent to:

  * paula firestone
  * vice president program operations
  * fox news network
  * 1211 avenue of the americas
  * new york, ny 10036
  * phone: 212.301.3000
  * fax: 212.301.5785
  * [closedcaptioning@foxnews.com](mailto:closedcaptioning@foxnews.com)

###### [coronavirus](/category/health/infectious-disease/coronavirus)

###### [u.s.](/us)

  * [crime](/category/us/crime)
  * [military](/category/us/military)
  * [education](/category/us/education)
  * [terror](/category/us/terror)
  * [immigration](/category/us/immigration)
  * [economy](/category/us/economy)
  * [personal freedoms](/category/us/personal-freedoms)
  * [fox news investigates](/category/news-events/fox-news-investigates)

###### [world](/world)

  * [u.n.](/category/world/united-nations)
  * [conflicts](/category/world/conflicts)
  * [terrorism](/category/world/terrorism)
  * [disasters](/category/world/disasters)
  * [global economy](/category/world/global-economy)
  * [environment](/category/world/environment)
  * [religion](/category/world/world-religion)
  * [scandals](/category/world/scandals)

###### [opinion](/opinion)

###### [politics](/politics)

  * [executive](/category/politics/executive)
  * [senate](/category/politics/senate)
  * [house](/category/politics/house-of-representatives)
  * [judiciary](/category/politics/judiciary)
  * [foreign policy](/category/politics/foreign-policy)
  * [polls](/official-polls)
  * [elections](/category/politics/elections)

###### [entertainment](/entertainment)

  * [celebrity news](/category/entertainment/celebrity-news)
  * [movies](/category/entertainment/movies)
  * [tv news](/category/entertainment/tv)
  * [music news](/category/entertainment/music)
  * [style news](/category/entertainment/style)
  * [entertainment video](//video.foxnews.com/playlist/entertainment-latest-entertainment/)

###### [business](//www.foxbusiness.com/)

  * [personal finance](//www.foxbusiness.com/personal-finance)
  * [economy](//www.foxbusiness.com/economy)
  * [markets](//www.foxbusiness.com/markets)
  * [watchlist](//www.foxbusiness.com/watchlist)
  * [lifestyle](//www.foxbusiness.com/lifestyle)
  * [real estate](//www.foxbusiness.com/real-estate)
  * [tech](//www.foxbusiness.com/category/technology)

###### [lifestyle](/lifestyle)

  * [food + drink](/food-drink)
  * [cars + trucks](/auto)
  * [travel + outdoors](/travel)
  * [house + home](/category/real-estate)
  * [fitness + well-being](/category/fitness-and-wellbeing)
  * [style + beauty](/category/style-and-beauty)
  * [family](/family)
  * [faith](/category/faith-values/faith)

###### [science](/science)

  * [archaeology](/category/science/archaeology)
  * [air & space](/category/science/air-and-space)
  * [planet earth](/category/science/planet-earth)
  * [wild nature](/category/science/wild-nature)
  * [natural science](/category/science/natural-science)
  * [dinosaurs](/category/science/archaeology/dinosaurs)

###### [tech](/tech)

  * [security](/category/tech/topics/security)
  * [innovation](/category/tech/topics/innovation)
  * [drones](/category/tech/technologies/drones)
  * [computers](/category/tech/topics/computers)
  * [video games](/category/tech/topics/video-games)
  * [military tech](/category/tech/topics/military-tech)

###### [health](/health)

  * [coronavirus](/category/health/infectious-disease/coronavirus)
  * [healthy living](/category/health/healthy-living)
  * [medical research](/category/health/medical-research)
  * [mental health](/category/health/mental-health)
  * [cancer](/category/health/cancer)
  * [heart health](/category/health/heart-health)
  * [children's health](/category/health/healthy-living/childrens-health)

###### [tv](/shows)

  * [shows](/shows)
  * [personalities](/person/personalities)
  * [watch live](//video.foxnews.com/v/5614615980001/?#sp=watch-live)
  * [full episodes](//video.foxnews.com/playlist/episodic-most-recent-episodes/)
  * [show clips](//video.foxnews.com/#sp=show-clips)
  * [news clips](//video.foxnews.com/#sp=news-clips)

######  about

  * [contact us](//www.foxnews.com/contact)
  * [careers](//foxcareers.com/search/searchresults?brand=fox%20news%20careers)
  * [fox around the world](/foxaroundtheworld/)
  * [advertise with us](mailto:adsales@foxnews.com?subject=advertising%20inquiry)
  * [media relations](//press.foxnews.com/media-contacts/)
  * [corporate information](//press.foxnews.com/)
  * [compliance](/compliance)
  * [supplier diversity](https://supplierdiversity.foxnews.com/)

######  other

  * [fox nation](//www.foxnews.com/shows/fox-nation)
  * [fox news shop](//shop.foxnews.com)
  * [fox news go](/go)
  * [fox news radio](//radio.foxnews.com/)
  * [newsletters](/alerts/subscribe)
  * [alerts](/newsletter-signup/alerts)
  * [podcasts](//radio.foxnews.com/podcast)
  * [apps & products](/apps-products)

  * [facebook](//www.facebook.com/foxnews)
  * [twitter](//twitter.com/foxnews)
  * [instagram](//www.instagram.com/foxnews)
  * [youtube](//www.youtube.com/foxnewschannel)
  * [flipboard](//flipboard.com/@foxnews)
  * [linkedin](//www.linkedin.com/company/fox-news-channel/)
  * [slack](//foxnews.slack.com/apps/a013auf6vmg-fox-news)
  * [rss](//www.foxnews.com/about/rss/)
  * [newsletters](//www.foxnews.com/newsletters)
  * [spotify](//open.spotify.com/show/7a4yfyftnozhqmv7f3kyvu)
  * [iheartradio](//www.iheart.com/podcast/256-the-fox-news-rundown-31090295/)

[fox news](//www.foxnews.com)

  * [new terms of use](/terms-of-use)
  * [updated privacy policy](/privacy-policy)
  * [do not sell my personal information](/donotsell)
  * [closed captioning policy](/closed-captioning)
  * [help](//help.foxnews.com)
  * [contact us](/contact)
  * [accessibility statement](/accessibility-statement)

this material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Â©2021 fox news network, llc. all rights reserved. quotes displayed in real-
time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. market data provided by
[factset](https://www.factset.com/). powered and implemented by [factset
digital solutions](https://www.factset.com/solutions/business-needs/digital-
solutions). [legal statement](https://www.factset.com/privacy). mutual fund
and etf data provided by [refinitiv
lipper](https://lipperalpha.refinitiv.com/).

