[ ](/en) [github docs](/en)

  * [ all products ](/en)
  * [github.com](/en/github)
  *     * [getting started](/en/github/getting-started-with-github)

      * [quickstart](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/quickstart)
        * [set up git](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/set-up-git)
        * [create a repo](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/create-a-repo)
        * [fork a repo](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/fork-a-repo)
        * [be social](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/be-social)
      * [learning about github](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/learning-about-github)
        * [github's products](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/githubs-products)
        * [about github advanced security](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/about-github-advanced-security)
        * [exploring early access releases with feature preview](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/exploring-early-access-releases-with-feature-preview)
        * [types of github accounts](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/types-of-github-accounts)
        * [faq about changes to githubâ€™s plans](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/faq-about-changes-to-githubs-plans)
        * [github cli](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/github-cli)
        * [github desktop](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/github-desktop)
        * [github for mobile](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/github-for-mobile)
        * [access permissions on github](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/access-permissions-on-github)
        * [github glossary](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/github-glossary)
        * [git cheatsheet](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/git-cheatsheet)
        * [git and github learning resources](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/git-and-github-learning-resources)
      * [signing up for github](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/signing-up-for-github)
        * [sign up for a new github account](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/signing-up-for-a-new-github-account)
        * [verifying your email address](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/verifying-your-email-address)
        * [setting up a trial of github enterprise cloud](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/setting-up-a-trial-of-github-enterprise-cloud)
        * [setting up a trial of github enterprise server](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/setting-up-a-trial-of-github-enterprise-server)
      * [exploring projects on github](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/exploring-projects-on-github)
        * [finding ways to contribute to open source on github](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/finding-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-on-github)
        * [saving repositories with stars](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/saving-repositories-with-stars)
        * [following people](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/following-people)
      * [using github](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/using-github)
        * [supported browsers](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/supported-browsers)
        * [troubleshooting connectivity problems](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/troubleshooting-connectivity-problems)
        * [keyboard shortcuts](/en/github/getting-started-with-github/keyboard-shortcuts)
    * [user accounts](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account)

      * [managing user account settings](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-user-account-settings)
        * [about your personal dashboard](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/about-your-personal-dashboard)
        * [managing your theme settings](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-your-theme-settings)
        * [changing your github username](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/changing-your-github-username)
        * [merging multiple user accounts](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/merging-multiple-user-accounts)
        * [converting a user into an organization](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/converting-a-user-into-an-organization)
        * [deleting your user account](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/deleting-your-user-account)
        * [permission levels for a user account repository](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/permission-levels-for-a-user-account-repository)
        * [permission levels for user-owned project boards](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/permission-levels-for-user-owned-project-boards)
        * [managing the default branch name for your repositories](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-the-default-branch-name-for-your-repositories)
        * [managing security and analysis settings for your user account](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-security-and-analysis-settings-for-your-user-account)
        * [managing access to your user account's project boards](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-access-to-your-user-accounts-project-boards)
        * [best practices for leaving your company](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/best-practices-for-leaving-your-company)
        * [what does the 'available for hire' checkbox do?](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/what-does-the-available-for-hire-checkbox-do)
      * [managing email preferences](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-email-preferences)
        * [adding an email address to your github account](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/adding-an-email-address-to-your-github-account)
        * [changing your primary email address](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/changing-your-primary-email-address)
        * [setting a backup email address](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/setting-a-backup-email-address)
        * [setting your commit email address](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/setting-your-commit-email-address)
        * [blocking command line pushes that expose your personal email address](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/blocking-command-line-pushes-that-expose-your-personal-email-address)
        * [remembering your github username or email](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/remembering-your-github-username-or-email)
        * [types of emails github sends](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/types-of-emails-github-sends)
        * [managing marketing emails from github](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-marketing-emails-from-github)
      * [managing access to your personal repositories](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-access-to-your-personal-repositories)
        * [inviting collaborators to a personal repository](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository)
        * [removing a collaborator from a personal repository](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/removing-a-collaborator-from-a-personal-repository)
        * [removing yourself from a collaborator's repository](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/removing-yourself-from-a-collaborators-repository)
        * [maintaining ownership continuity of your user account's repositories](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/maintaining-ownership-continuity-of-your-user-accounts-repositories)
      * [managing your membership in organizations](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-your-membership-in-organizations)
        * [about organization membership](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/about-organization-membership)
        * [accessing an organization](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/accessing-an-organization)
        * [viewing people's roles in an organization](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/viewing-peoples-roles-in-an-organization)
        * [requesting organization approval for oauth apps](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/requesting-organization-approval-for-oauth-apps)
        * [publicizing or hiding organization membership](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/publicizing-or-hiding-organization-membership)
        * [managing your scheduled reminders](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/managing-your-scheduled-reminders)
        * [removing yourself from an organization](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/removing-yourself-from-an-organization)
    * [profiles](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile)

      * [customizing your profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile)
        * [about your profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/about-your-profile)
        * [about your organization's profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/about-your-organizations-profile)
        * [personalizing your profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/personalizing-your-profile)
        * [managing your profile readme](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/managing-your-profile-readme)
        * [pinning items to your profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/pinning-items-to-your-profile)
      * [managing contribution graphs on your profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/managing-contribution-graphs-on-your-profile)
        * [viewing contributions on your profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/viewing-contributions-on-your-profile)
        * [showing an overview of your activity on your profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/showing-an-overview-of-your-activity-on-your-profile)
        * [publicizing or hiding your private contributions on your profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/publicizing-or-hiding-your-private-contributions-on-your-profile)
        * [sending your github enterprise server contributions to your github.com profile](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/sending-your-github-enterprise-server-contributions-to-your-githubcom-profile)
        * [why are my contributions not showing up on my profile?](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/why-are-my-contributions-not-showing-up-on-my-profile)
        * [troubleshooting commits on your timeline](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/troubleshooting-commits-on-your-timeline)
    * [authentication](/en/github/authenticating-to-github)

    * [managing subscriptions and notifications on github](/en/github/managing-subscriptions-and-notifications-on-github)

    * [organizations and teams](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams)

    * [your enterprise](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-enterprise)

    * [billing and payments](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-billing-and-payments-on-github)

    * [writing on github](/en/github/writing-on-github)

    * [creating, cloning, and archiving repositories](/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories)

    * [using git](/en/github/using-git)

    * [committing changes to your project](/en/github/committing-changes-to-your-project)

    * [collaborating with issues and pull requests](/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests)

    * [managing your work on github](/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github)

    * [codespaces](/en/github/developing-online-with-codespaces)

    * [building a strong community](/en/github/building-a-strong-community)

    * [searching for information on github](/en/github/searching-for-information-on-github)

    * [importing your projects](/en/github/importing-your-projects-to-github)

    * [administering a repository](/en/github/administering-a-repository)

    * [visualizing repository data with graphs](/en/github/visualizing-repository-data-with-graphs)

    * [managing security vulnerabilities](/en/github/managing-security-vulnerabilities)

    * [finding vulnerabilities and coding errors](/en/github/finding-security-vulnerabilities-and-errors-in-your-code)

    * [managing files in a repository](/en/github/managing-files-in-a-repository)

    * [managing large files](/en/github/managing-large-files)

    * [customizing your github workflow](/en/github/customizing-your-github-workflow)

    * [extending github](/en/github/extending-github)

    * [github pages](/en/github/working-with-github-pages)

    * [github sponsors](/en/github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-sponsors)

    * [finding talent with github jobs](/en/github/finding-talent-with-github-jobs)

    * [working with github support](/en/github/working-with-github-support)

    * [understanding how github uses and protects your data](/en/github/understanding-how-github-uses-and-protects-your-data)

    * [site policy](/en/github/site-policy)

      * [github terms of service](/en/github/site-policy/github-terms-of-service)
      * [github corporate terms of service](/en/github/site-policy/github-corporate-terms-of-service)
      * [github privacy statement](/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)
      * [global privacy practices](/en/github/site-policy/global-privacy-practices)
      * [github insights and data protection for your organization](/en/github/site-policy/github-insights-and-data-protection-for-your-organization)
      * [github sponsors additional terms](/en/github/site-policy/github-sponsors-additional-terms)
      * [github additional product terms](/en/github/site-policy/github-additional-product-terms)
      * [github logo policy](/en/github/site-policy/github-logo-policy)
      * [github username policy](/en/github/site-policy/github-username-policy)
      * [submitting content removal requests](/en/github/site-policy/submitting-content-removal-requests)
      * [dmca takedown policy](/en/github/site-policy/dmca-takedown-policy)
      * [guide to submitting a dmca takedown notice](/en/github/site-policy/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-takedown-notice)
      * [guide to submitting a dmca counter notice](/en/github/site-policy/guide-to-submitting-a-dmca-counter-notice)
      * [github trademark policy](/en/github/site-policy/github-trademark-policy)
      * [github sensitive data removal policy](/en/github/site-policy/github-sensitive-data-removal-policy)
      * [github subprocessors and cookies](/en/github/site-policy/github-subprocessors-and-cookies)
      * [github bug bounty program legal safe harbor](/en/github/site-policy/github-bug-bounty-program-legal-safe-harbor)
      * [responsible disclosure of security vulnerabilities](/en/github/site-policy/responsible-disclosure-of-security-vulnerabilities)
      * [guidelines for legal requests of user data](/en/github/site-policy/guidelines-for-legal-requests-of-user-data)
      * [github government takedown policy](/en/github/site-policy/github-government-takedown-policy)
      * [github acceptable use policies](/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies)
      * [github's notice about the california consumer privacy act](/en/github/site-policy/githubs-notice-about-the-california-consumer-privacy-act)
      * [github community guidelines](/en/github/site-policy/github-community-guidelines)
      * [github community forum code of conduct](/en/github/site-policy/github-community-forum-code-of-conduct)
      * [github registered developer agreement](/en/github/site-policy/github-registered-developer-agreement)
      * [github marketplace terms of service](/en/github/site-policy/github-marketplace-terms-of-service)
      * [github marketplace developer agreement](/en/github/site-policy/github-marketplace-developer-agreement)
      * [github pre-release program](/en/github/site-policy/github-pre-release-program)
      * [github research program terms](/en/github/site-policy/github-research-program-terms)
      * [github open source applications terms and conditions](/en/github/site-policy/github-open-source-applications-terms-and-conditions)
      * [github and trade controls](/en/github/site-policy/github-and-trade-controls)
      * [github deceased user policy](/en/github/site-policy/github-deceased-user-policy)
      * [github statement against modern slavery and child labor](/en/github/site-policy/github-statement-against-modern-slavery-and-child-labor)
      * [github anti-bribery statement](/en/github/site-policy/github-anti-bribery-statement)
      * [github gifts and entertainment policy](/en/github/site-policy/github-gifts-and-entertainment-policy)
      * [github event terms](/en/github/site-policy/github-event-terms)
      * [github event code of conduct](/en/github/site-policy/github-event-code-of-conduct)
      * [github gpl cooperation commitment](/en/github/site-policy/github-gpl-cooperation-commitment)

[ ](/en) [github docs](/en)

#### explore by product

github.com

[ github.com ](/en/github) [ enterprise administrators ](/en/enterprise-
server@3.0/admin) [ github discussions ](/en/discussions) [ github actions
](/en/actions) [ github packages ](/en/packages) [ developers
](/en/developers) [ rest api ](/en/rest) [ graphql api ](/en/graphql) [ github
insights ](/en/enterprise-server@3.0/insights) [ education ](/en/education) [
github desktop ](/en/desktop) [ github cli  ](https://cli.github.com/manual) [
atom  ](https://atom.io/docs) [ electron  ](https://electronjs.org/docs)

english

[ english ](/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement) [ ç®€ä½“ä¸­æ–‡
(simplified chinese) ](/cn/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement) [ æ—¥æœ¬èªž
(japanese) ](/ja/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement) [ espaÃ±ol
(spanish) ](/es/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement) [ portuguÃªs do
brasil (portuguese) ](/pt/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)

[ github.com ](/en/github "product: github.com") [ site policy
](/en/github/site-policy "category: site policy") [ github privacy statement
](/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement "article: github privacy
statement")

# github privacy statement

## in this article

  * the short version
  * summary
  * github privacy statement
  * what information github collects
  * what information github does not collect
  * how github uses your information
  * how we share the information we collect
  * repository contents
  * other important information
  * additional services
  * how you can access and control the information we collect
  * our use of cookies and tracking
  * how github secures your information
  * github's global privacy practices
  * how we communicate with you
  * resolving complaints
  * changes to our privacy statement
  * license
  * contacting github
  * translations

effective date: december 19, 2020

thanks for entrusting github inc. ("github", "we") with your source code, your
projects, and your personal information. holding on to your private
information is a serious responsibility, and we want you to know how we're
handling it.

all capitalized terms have their definition in [github's terms of
service](/en/github/site-policy/github-terms-of-service), unless otherwise
noted here.

### the short version

we use your personal information as this privacy statement describes. no
matter where you are, where you live, or what your citizenship is, we provide
the same high standard of privacy protection to all our users around the
world, regardless of their country of origin or location.

of course, the short version and the summary below don't tell you everything,
so please read on for more details.

### summary

section| what can you find there?  
---|---  
what information github collects| github collects information directly from
you for your registration, payment, transactions, and user profile. we also
automatically collect from you your usage information, cookies, and device
information, subject, where necessary, to your consent. github may also
collect user personal information from third parties. we only collect the
minimum amount of personal information necessary from you, unless you choose
to provide more.  
what information github does _not_ collect| we don't knowingly collect
information from children under 13, and we don't collect [sensitive personal
information](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-9-gdpr/).  
how github uses your information| in this section, we describe the ways in
which we use your information, including to provide you the service, to
communicate with you, for security and compliance purposes, and to improve our
service. we also describe the legal basis upon which we process your
information, where legally required.  
how we share the information we collect| we may share your information with
third parties under one of the following circumstances: with your consent,
with our service providers, for security purposes, to comply with our legal
obligations, or when there is a change of control or sale of corporate
entities or business units. we do not sell your personal information and we do
not host advertising on github. you can see a list of the service providers
that access your information.  
other important information| we provide additional information specific to
repository contents, public information, and organizations on github.  
additional services| we provide information about additional service
offerings, including third-party applications, github pages, and github
applications.  
how you can access and control the information we collect| we provide ways for
you to access, alter, or delete your personal information.  
our use of cookies and tracking| we only use strictly necessary cookies to
provide, secure and improve our service. we offer a page that makes this very
transparent. please see this section for more information.  
how github secures your information| we take all measures reasonably necessary
to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your personal
information on github and to protect the resilience of our servers.  
github's global privacy practices| we provide the same high standard of
privacy protection to all our users around the world.  
how we communicate with you| we communicate with you by email. you can control
the way we contact you in your account settings, or by contacting us.  
resolving complaints| in the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve a
privacy concern quickly and thoroughly, we provide a path of dispute
resolution.  
changes to our privacy statement| we notify you of material changes to this
privacy statement 30 days before any such changes become effective. you may
also track changes in our site policy repository.  
license| this privacy statement is licensed under the [creative commons zero
license](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).  
contacting github| please feel free to contact us if you have questions about
our privacy statement.  
translations| we provide links to some translations of the privacy statement.  
  
## github privacy statement

### what information github collects

" **user personal information** " is any information about one of our users
which could, alone or together with other information, personally identify
them or otherwise be reasonably linked or connected with them. information
such as a username and password, an email address, a real name, an internet
protocol (ip) address, and a photograph are examples of "user personal
information."

user personal information does not include aggregated, non-personally
identifying information that does not identify a user or cannot otherwise be
reasonably linked or connected with them. we may use such aggregated, non-
personally identifying information for research purposes and to operate,
analyze, improve, and optimize our website and service.

#### information users provide directly to github

##### registration information

we require some basic information at the time of account creation. when you
create your own username and password, we ask you for a valid email address.

##### payment information

if you sign on to a paid account with us, send funds through the github
sponsors program, or buy an application on github marketplace, we collect your
full name, address, and credit card information or paypal information. please
note, github does not process or store your credit card information or paypal
information, but our third-party payment processor does.

if you list and sell an application on [github
marketplace](https://github.com/marketplace), we require your banking
information. if you raise funds through the [github sponsors
program](https://github.com/sponsors), we require some [additional
information](/en/github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-
sponsors/becoming-a-sponsored-developer#submitting-your-bank-information)
through the registration process for you to participate in and receive funds
through those services and for compliance purposes.

##### profile information

you may choose to give us more information for your account profile, such as
your full name, an avatar which may include a photograph, your biography, your
location, your company, and a url to a third-party website. this information
may include user personal information. please note that your profile
information may be visible to other users of our service.

#### information github automatically collects from your use of the service

##### transactional information

if you have a paid account with us, sell an application listed on [github
marketplace](https://github.com/marketplace), or raise funds through the
[github sponsors program](https://github.com/sponsors), we automatically
collect certain information about your transactions on the service, such as
the date, time, and amount charged.

##### usage information

if you're accessing our service or website, we automatically collect the same
basic information that most services collect, subject, where necessary, to
your consent. this includes information about how you use the service, such as
the pages you view, the referring site, your ip address and session
information, and the date and time of each request. this is information we
collect from every visitor to the website, whether they have an account or
not. this information may include user personal information.

##### cookies

as further described below, we automatically collect information from cookies
(such as cookie id and settings) to keep you logged in, to remember your
preferences, to identify you and your device and to analyze your use of our
service.

##### device information

we may collect certain information about your device, such as its ip address,
browser or client application information, language preference, operating
system and application version, device type and id, and device model and
manufacturer. this information may include user personal information.

#### information we collect from third parties

github may collect user personal information from third parties. for example,
this may happen if you sign up for training or to receive information about
github from one of our vendors, partners, or affiliates. github does not
purchase user personal information from third-party data brokers.

### what information github does not collect

we do not intentionally collect " **[sensitive personal
information](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-9-gdpr/)** ", such as personal data
revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or
philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of
genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural
person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life
or sexual orientation. if you choose to store any sensitive personal
information on our servers, you are responsible for complying with any
regulatory controls regarding that data.

if you are a child under the age of 13, you may not have an account on github.
github does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our
content specifically to children under 13. if we learn or have reason to
suspect that you are a user who is under the age of 13, we will have to close
your account. we don't want to discourage you from learning to code, but those
are the rules. please see our [terms of service](/en/github/site-
policy/github-terms-of-service) for information about account termination.
different countries may have different minimum age limits, and if you are
below the minimum age for providing consent for data collection in your
country, you may not have an account on github.

we do not intentionally collect user personal information that is **stored in
your repositories** or other free-form content inputs. any personal
information within a user's repository is the responsibility of the repository
owner.

### how github uses your information

  * we may use your information for the following purposes:
  * we use your registration information to create your account, and to provide you the service.
  * we use your payment information to provide you with the paid account service, the marketplace service, the sponsors program, or any other github paid service you request.
  * we use your user personal information, specifically your username, to identify you on github.
  * we use your profile information to fill out your account profile and to share that profile with other users if you ask us to.
  * we use your email address to communicate with you, if you've said that's okay, **and only for the reasons you 've said that's okay**. please see our section on email communication for more information.
  * we use user personal information to respond to support requests.
  * we use user personal information and other data to make recommendations for you, such as to suggest projects you may want to follow or contribute to. we learn from your public behavior on github--such as the projects you star--to determine your coding interests, and we recommend similar projects. these recommendations are automated decisions, but they have no legal impact on your rights.
  * we may use user personal information to invite you to take part in surveys, beta programs, or other research projects, subject, where necessary, to your consent .
  * we use usage information and device information to better understand how our users use github and to improve our website and service.
  * we may use your user personal information if it is necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or attempts to harm github or our users.
  * we may use your user personal information to comply with our legal obligations, protect our intellectual property, and enforce our [terms of service](/en/github/site-policy/github-terms-of-service).
  * we limit our use of your user personal information to the purposes listed in this privacy statement. if we need to use your user personal information for other purposes, we will ask your permission first. you can always see what information we have, how we're using it, and what permissions you have given us in your [user profile](https://github.com/settings/admin).

#### our legal bases for processing information

to the extent that our processing of your user personal information is subject
to certain international laws (including, but not limited to, the european
union's general data protection regulation (gdpr)), github is required to
notify you about the legal basis on which we process user personal
information. github processes user personal information on the following legal
bases:

  * contract performance:
    * when you create a github account, you provide your registration information. we require this information for you to enter into the terms of service agreement with us, and we process that information on the basis of performing that contract. we also process your username and email address on other legal bases, as described below.
    * if you have a paid account with us, we collect and process additional payment information on the basis of performing that contract.
    * when you buy or sell an application listed on our marketplace or, when you send or receive funds through the github sponsors program, we process payment information and additional elements in order to perform the contract that applies to those services.
  * consent:
    * we rely on your consent to use your user personal information under the following circumstances: when you fill out the information in your [user profile](https://github.com/settings/admin); when you decide to participate in a github training, research project, beta program, or survey; and for marketing purposes, where applicable. all of this user personal information is entirely optional, and you have the ability to access, modify, and delete it at any time. while you are not able to delete your email address entirely, you can make it private. you may withdraw your consent at any time.
  * legitimate interests:
    * generally, the remainder of the processing of user personal information we perform is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest, for example, for legal compliance purposes, security purposes, or to maintain ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of github's systems, website, and service.
  * if you would like to request deletion of data we process on the basis of consent or if you object to our processing of personal information, please use our [privacy contact form](https://support.github.com/contact/privacy).

### how we share the information we collect

we may share your user personal information with third parties under one of
the following circumstances:

#### with your consent

we share your user personal information, if you consent, after letting you
know what information will be shared, with whom, and why. for example, if you
purchase an application listed on our marketplace, we share your username to
allow the application developer to provide you with services. additionally,
you may direct us through your actions on github to share your user personal
information. for example, if you join an organization, you indicate your
willingness to provide the owner of the organization with the ability to view
your activity in the organization's access log.

#### with service providers

we share user personal information with a limited number of service providers
who process it on our behalf to provide or improve our service, and who have
agreed to privacy restrictions similar to the ones in our privacy statement by
signing data protection agreements or making similar commitments. our service
providers perform payment processing, customer support ticketing, network data
transmission, security, and other similar services. while github processes all
user personal information in the united states, our service providers may
process data outside of the united states or the european union. if you would
like to know who our service providers are, please see our page on
[subprocessors](/en/github/site-policy/github-subprocessors-and-cookies).

#### for security purposes

if you are a member of an organization, github may share your username, usage
information, and device information associated with that organization with an
owner and/or administrator of the organization, to the extent that such
information is provided only to investigate or respond to a security incident
that affects or compromises the security of that particular organization.

#### for legal disclosure

github strives for transparency in complying with legal process and legal
obligations. unless prevented from doing so by law or court order, or in rare,
exigent circumstances, we make a reasonable effort to notify users of any
legally compelled or required disclosure of their information. github may
disclose user personal information or other information we collect about you
to law enforcement if required in response to a valid subpoena, court order,
search warrant, a similar government order, or when we believe in good faith
that disclosure is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to protect
our property or rights, or those of third parties or the public at large.

for more information about our disclosure in response to legal requests, see
our [guidelines for legal requests of user data](/en/github/site-
policy/guidelines-for-legal-requests-of-user-data).

#### change in control or sale

we may share user personal information if we are involved in a merger, sale,
or acquisition of corporate entities or business units. if any such change of
ownership happens, we will ensure that it is under terms that preserve the
confidentiality of user personal information, and we will notify you on our
website or by email before any transfer of your user personal information. the
organization receiving any user personal information will have to honor any
promises we made in our privacy statement or terms of service.

#### aggregate, non-personally identifying information

we share certain aggregated, non-personally identifying information with
others about how our users, collectively, use github, or how our users respond
to our other offerings, such as our conferences or events.

we **do not** sell your user personal information for monetary or other
consideration.

please note: the california consumer privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa") requires
businesses to state in their privacy policy whether or not they disclose
personal information in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
while ccpa only covers california residents, we voluntarily extend its core
rights for people to control their data to _all_ of our users, not just those
who live in california. you can learn more about the ccpa and how we comply
with it [here](/en/github/site-policy/githubs-notice-about-the-california-
consumer-privacy-act).

### repository contents

#### access to private repositories

if your repository is private, you control the access to your content. if you
include user personal information or sensitive personal information, that
information may only be accessible to github in accordance with this privacy
statement. github personnel [do not access private repository
content](/en/github/site-policy/github-terms-of-service#e-private-
repositories) except for

  * security purposes
  * to assist the repository owner with a support matter
  * to maintain the integrity of the service
  * to comply with our legal obligations
  * if we have reason to believe the contents are in violation of the law, or 
  * with your consent. 

however, while we do not generally search for content in your repositories, we
may scan our servers and content to detect certain tokens or security
signatures, known active malware, known vulnerabilities in dependencies, or
other content known to violate our terms of service, such as violent extremist
or terrorist content or child exploitation imagery, based on algorithmic
fingerprinting techniques (collectively, "automated scanning"). our terms of
service provides more details on [private repositories](/en/github/site-
policy/github-terms-of-service#e-private-repositories).

please note, you may choose to disable certain access to your private
repositories that is enabled by default as part of providing you with the
service (for example, automated scanning needed to enable dependency graph and
dependabot alerts).

github will provide notice regarding our access to private repository content,
unless [for legal disclosure](/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-
statement#for-legal-disclosure), to comply with our legal obligations, or
where otherwise bound by requirements under law, for automated scanning, or if
in response to a security threat or other risk to security.

#### public repositories

if your repository is public, anyone may view its contents. if you include
user personal information, [sensitive personal information](https://gdpr-
info.eu/art-9-gdpr/), or confidential information, such as email addresses or
passwords, in your public repository, that information may be indexed by
search engines or used by third parties.

please see more about [user personal information in public
repositories](/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement#public-
information-on-github).

### other important information

#### public information on github

many of github services and features are public-facing. if your content is
public-facing, third parties may access and use it in compliance with our
terms of service, such as by viewing your profile or repositories or pulling
data via our api. we do not sell that content; it is yours. however, we do
allow third parties, such as research organizations or archives, to compile
public-facing github information. other third parties, such as data brokers,
have been known to scrape github and compile data as well.

your user personal information associated with your content could be gathered
by third parties in these compilations of github data. if you do not want your
user personal information to appear in third parties' compilations of github
data, please do not make your user personal information publicly available and
be sure to [configure your email address to be private in your user
profile](https://github.com/settings/emails) and in your [git commit
settings](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/setting-
your-commit-email-address). we currently set users' email address to private
by default, but legacy github users may need to update their settings.

if you would like to compile github data, you must comply with our terms of
service regarding [information usage](/en/github/site-policy/github-
acceptable-use-policies#5-information-usage-restrictions) and
[privacy](/en/github/site-policy/github-acceptable-use-policies#6-privacy),
and you may only use any public-facing user personal information you gather
for the purpose for which our user authorized it. for example, where a github
user has made an email address public-facing for the purpose of identification
and attribution, do not use that email address for the purposes of sending
unsolicited emails to users or selling user personal information, such as to
recruiters, headhunters, and job boards, or for commercial advertising. we
expect you to reasonably secure any user personal information you have
gathered from github, and to respond promptly to complaints, removal requests,
and "do not contact" requests from github or github users.

similarly, projects on github may include publicly available user personal
information collected as part of the collaborative process. if you have a
complaint about any user personal information on github, please see our
section on [resolving complaints](/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-
statement#resolving-complaints).

#### organizations

you may indicate, through your actions on github, that you are willing to
share your user personal information. if you collaborate on or become a member
of an organization, then its account owners may receive your user personal
information. when you accept an invitation to an organization, you will be
notified of the types of information owners may be able to see (for more
information, see [about organization membership](/en/github/setting-up-and-
managing-your-github-user-account/about-organization-membership)). if you
accept an invitation to an organization with a [verified
domain](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-organizations-and-teams/verifying-
your-organizations-domain), then the owners of that organization will be able
to see your full email address(es) within that organization's verified
domain(s).

please note, github may share your username, usage information, and device
information with the owner(s) of the organization you are a member of, to the
extent that your user personal information is provided only to investigate or
respond to a security incident that affects or compromises the security of
that particular organization.

if you collaborate on or become a member of an account that has agreed to the
[corporate terms of service](/en/github/site-policy/github-corporate-terms-of-
service) and a data protection addendum (dpa) to this privacy statement, then
that dpa governs in the event of any conflicts between this privacy statement
and the dpa with respect to your activity in the account.

please contact the account owners for more information about how they might
process your user personal information in their organization and the ways for
you to access, update, alter, or delete the user personal information stored
in the account.

### additional services

#### third party applications

you have the option of enabling or adding third-party applications, known as
"developer products," to your account. these developer products are not
necessary for your use of github. we will share your user personal information
with third parties when you ask us to, such as by purchasing a developer
product from the marketplace; however, you are responsible for your use of the
third-party developer product and for the amount of user personal information
you choose to share with it. you can check our [api
documentation](/en/rest/reference/users) to see what information is provided
when you authenticate into a developer product using your github profile.

#### github pages

if you create a github pages website, it is your responsibility to post a
privacy statement that accurately describes how you collect, use, and share
personal information and other visitor information, and how you comply with
applicable data privacy laws, rules, and regulations. please note that github
may collect user personal information from visitors to your github pages
website, including logs of visitor ip addresses, to comply with legal
obligations, and to maintain the security and integrity of the website and the
service.

#### github applications

you can also add applications from github, such as our desktop app, our atom
application, or other application and account features, to your account. these
applications each have their own terms and may collect different kinds of user
personal information; however, all github applications are subject to this
privacy statement, and we collect the amount of user personal information
necessary, and use it only for the purpose for which you have given it to us.

### how you can access and control the information we collect

if you're already a github user, you may access, update, alter, or delete your
basic user profile information by [editing your user
profile](https://github.com/settings/profile) or contacting [github
support](https://support.github.com/contact) or [github premium
support](https://enterprise.githubsupport.com/hc/en-us). you can control the
information we collect about you by limiting what information is in your
profile, by keeping your information current, or by contacting [github
support](https://support.github.com/contact) or [github premium
support](https://enterprise.githubsupport.com/hc/en-us).

if github processes information about you, such as information github receives
from third parties, and you do not have an account, then you may, subject to
applicable law, access, update, alter, delete, or object to the processing of
your personal information by contacting [github
support](https://support.github.com/contact) or [github premium
support](https://enterprise.githubsupport.com/hc/en-us).

#### data portability

as a github user, you can always take your data with you. you can [clone your
repositories to your desktop](/en/desktop/contributing-to-projects/cloning-a-
repository-from-github-to-github-desktop), for example, or you can use our
[data portability tools](https://developer.github.com/changes/2018-05-24-user-
migration-api/) to download information we have about you.

#### data retention and deletion of data

generally, github retains user personal information for as long as your
account is active or as needed to provide you services.

if you would like to cancel your account or delete your user personal
information, you may do so in your [user
profile](https://github.com/settings/admin). we retain and use your
information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will
delete your full profile (within reason) within 90 days of your request. you
may contact [github support](https://support.github.com/contact) or [github
premium support](https://enterprise.githubsupport.com/hc/en-us) to request the
erasure of the data we process on the basis of consent within 30 days.

after an account has been deleted, certain data, such as contributions to
other users' repositories and comments in others' issues, will remain.
however, we will delete or de-identify your user personal information,
including your username and email address, from the author field of issues,
pull requests, and comments by associating them with a [ghost
user](https://github.com/ghost).

that said, the email address you have supplied [via your git commit
settings](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/setting-
your-commit-email-address) will always be associated with your commits in the
git system. if you choose to make your email address private, you should also
update your git commit settings. we are unable to change or delete data in the
git commit history -- the git software is designed to maintain a record -- but
we do enable you to control what information you put in that record.

### our use of cookies and tracking

#### cookies

github only uses strictly necessary cookies. cookies are small text files that
websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors.

we use cookies solely to provide, secure, and improve our service. for
example, we use them to keep you logged in, remember your preferences,
identify your device for security purposes, analyze your use of our service,
compile statistical reports, and provide information for future development of
github. we use our own cookies for analytics purposes, but do not use any
third-party analytics service providers.

by using our service, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on
your computer or device. if you disable your browser or device's ability to
accept these cookies, you will not be able to log in or use our service.

we provide more information about [cookies on github](/en/github/site-
policy/github-subprocessors-and-cookies#cookies-on-github) on our [github
subprocessors and cookies](/en/github/site-policy/github-subprocessors-and-
cookies) page that describes the cookies we set, the needs we have for those
cookies, and the expiration of such cookies.

#### dnt

"[do not track](https://www.eff.org/issues/do-not-track)" (dnt) is a privacy
preference you can set in your browser if you do not want online services to
collect and share certain kinds of information about your online activity from
third party tracking services. github responds to browser dnt signals and
follows the [w3c standard for responding to dnt
signals](https://www.w3.org/tr/tracking-dnt/). if you would like to set your
browser to signal that you would not like to be tracked, please check your
browser's documentation for how to enable that signal. there are also good
applications that block online tracking, such as [privacy
badger](https://privacybadger.org/).

### how github secures your information

github takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect user personal
information from unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction; maintain
data accuracy; and help ensure the appropriate use of user personal
information.

github enforces a written security information program. our program:

  * aligns with industry recognized frameworks;
  * includes security safeguards reasonably designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of our users' data;
  * is appropriate to the nature, size, and complexity of github's business operations;
  * includes incident response and data breach notification processes; and
  * complies with applicable information security-related laws and regulations in the geographic regions where github does business.

in the event of a data breach that affects your user personal information, we
will act promptly to mitigate the impact of a breach and notify any affected
users without undue delay.

transmission of data on github is encrypted using ssh, https (tls), and git
repository content is encrypted at rest. we manage our own cages and racks at
top-tier data centers with high level of physical and network security, and
when data is stored with a third-party storage provider, it is encrypted.

no method of transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. for more information,
see our [security disclosures](https://github.com/security).

### github's global privacy practices

github, inc. and, for those in the european economic area, the united kingdom,
and switzerland, github b.v. are the controllers responsible for the
processing of your personal information in connection with the service, except
(a) with respect to personal information that was added to a repository by its
contributors, in which case the owner of that repository is the controller and
github is the processor (or, if the owner acts as a processor, github will be
the subprocessor); or (b) when you and github have entered into a separate
agreement that covers data privacy (such as a data processing agreement).

our addresses are:

  * github, inc., 88 colin p. kelly jr. street, san francisco, ca 94107.
  * github b.v., vijzelstraat 68-72, 1017 hl amsterdam, the netherlands.

we store and process the information that we collect in the united states in
accordance with this privacy statement, though our service providers may store
and process data outside the united states. however, we understand that we
have users from different countries and regions with different privacy
expectations, and we try to meet those needs even when the united states does
not have the same privacy framework as other countries.

we provide the same high standard of privacy protection--as described in this
privacy statement--to all our users around the world, regardless of their
country of origin or location, and we are proud of the levels of notice,
choice, accountability, security, data integrity, access, and recourse we
provide. we work hard to comply with the applicable data privacy laws wherever
we do business, working with our data protection officer as part of a cross-
functional team that oversees our privacy compliance efforts. additionally, if
our vendors or affiliates have access to user personal information, they must
sign agreements that require them to comply with our privacy policies and with
applicable data privacy laws.

in particular:

  * github provides clear methods of unambiguous, informed, specific, and freely given consent at the time of data collection, when we collect your user personal information using consent as a basis.
  * we collect only the minimum amount of user personal information necessary for our purposes, unless you choose to provide more. we encourage you to only give us the amount of data you are comfortable sharing.
  * we offer you simple methods of accessing, altering, or deleting the user personal information we have collected, where legally permitted.
  * we provide our users notice, choice, accountability, security, and access regarding their user personal information, and we limit the purpose for processing it. we also provide our users a method of recourse and enforcement.

#### cross-border data transfers

github processes personal information both inside and outside of the united
states and relies on standard contractual clauses as the legally provided
mechanism to lawfully transfer data from the european economic area, the
united kingdom, and switzerland to the united states. in addition, github is
certified to the eu-us and swiss-us privacy shield frameworks. to learn more
about our cross-border data transfers, see our [global privacy
practices](/en/github/site-policy/global-privacy-practices).

### how we communicate with you

we use your email address to communicate with you, if you've said that's okay,
**and only for the reasons you 've said that's okay**. for example, if you
contact our support team with a request, we respond to you via email. you have
a lot of control over how your email address is used and shared on and through
github. you may manage your communication preferences in your [user
profile](https://github.com/settings/emails).

by design, the git version control system associates many actions with a
user's email address, such as commit messages. we are not able to change many
aspects of the git system. if you would like your email address to remain
private, even when you're commenting on public repositories, [you can create a
private email address in your user
profile](https://github.com/settings/emails). you should also [update your
local git configuration to use your private email address](/en/github/setting-
up-and-managing-your-github-user-account/setting-your-commit-email-address).
this will not change how we contact you, but it will affect how others see
you. we set current users' email address private by default, but legacy github
users may need to update their settings. please see more about email addresses
in commit messages [here](/en/github/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-user-
account/setting-your-commit-email-address).

depending on your [email settings](https://github.com/settings/emails), github
may occasionally send notification emails about changes in a repository you're
watching, new features, requests for feedback, important policy changes, or to
offer customer support. we also send marketing emails, based on your choices
and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. there's an
"unsubscribe" link located at the bottom of each of the marketing emails we
send you. please note that you cannot opt out of receiving important
communications from us, such as emails from our support team or system emails,
but you can configure your notifications settings in your profile to opt out
of other communications.

our emails may contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can
tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your ip address is.
we use this pixel tag to make our email more effective for you and to make
sure we're not sending you unwanted email.

### resolving complaints

if you have concerns about the way github is handling your user personal
information, please let us know immediately. we want to help. you may contact
us by filling out the [privacy contact
form](https://support.github.com/contact/privacy). you may also email us
directly at privacy@github.com with the subject line "privacy concerns." we
will respond promptly -- within 45 days at the latest.

you may also contact our data protection officer directly.

our united states hq| our eu office  
---|---  
github data protection officer| github bv  
88 colin p. kelly jr. st.| vijzelstraat 68-72  
san francisco, ca 94107| 1017 hl amsterdam  
united states| the netherlands  
privacy@github.com| privacy@github.com  
  
#### dispute resolution process

in the unlikely event that a dispute arises between you and github regarding
our handling of your user personal information, we will do our best to resolve
it. additionally, if you are a resident of an eu member state, you have the
right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority, and you might
have more [options](/en/github/site-policy/global-privacy-practices#dispute-
resolution-process).

### changes to our privacy statement

although most changes are likely to be minor, github may change our privacy
statement from time to time. we will provide notification to users of material
changes to this privacy statement through our website at least 30 days prior
to the change taking effect by posting a notice on our home page or sending
email to the primary email address specified in your github account. we will
also update our [site policy repository](https://github.com/github/site-
policy/), which tracks all changes to this policy. for other changes to this
privacy statement, we encourage users to [watch](/en/github/managing-
subscriptions-and-notifications-on-github/viewing-your-
subscriptions#configuring-your-watch-settings-for-an-individual-repository) or
to check our site policy repository frequently.

### license

this privacy statement is licensed under this [creative commons zero
license](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). for details, see
our [site-policy repository](https://github.com/github/site-policy#license).

### contacting github

questions regarding github's privacy statement or information practices should
be directed to our [privacy contact
form](https://support.github.com/contact/privacy).

### translations

below are translations of this document into other languages. in the event of
any conflict, uncertainty, or apparent inconsistency between any of those
versions and the english version, this english version is the controlling
version.

#### french

cliquez ici pour obtenir la version franÃ§aise: [declaration de confidentialite
de github](/assets/images/help/site-policy/github-privacy-
statement\(07.22.20\)\(fr\).pdf)

#### other translations

for translations of this statement into other languages, please visit
[https://docs.github.com/](/en) and select a language from the drop-down menu
under "english."

##  did this doc help you?

[privacy policy](/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)

want to learn about new docs features and updates? sign up for updates!

we're continually improving our docs. we'd love to hear how we can do better.

let us know what we can do better optional

can we contact you if we have more questions?  optional

send

thank you! your feedback has been submitted.

## help us make these docs great!

all github docs are open source. see something that's wrong or unclear? submit
a pull request.

[ make a contribution
](https://github.com/github/docs/edit/main/content/github/site-policy/github-
privacy-statement.md)

or, [learn how to
contribute.](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/contributing.md)

###  still need help?

[ ask the github community ](https://github.community) [ contact support
](https://support.github.com/contact)

  * (c) 2021 github, inc.
  * [terms ](/github/site-policy/github-terms-of-service)
  * [privacy ](/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)
  * [security](https://github.com/security)
  * [status](https://www.githubstatus.com/)
  * [help](/)
  * [contact github](https://support.github.com/contact)
  * [pricing](https://github.com/pricing)
  * [developer api](/developers)
  * [training](https://services.github.com/)
  * [about](https://github.com/about)

