[ ](/)

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)

[![gitlab cogs icon svg](/images/nav/cogs-color.svg)

gitlab professional services

accelerate your software lifecycle with help from gitlab experts

](/services/)

popular gitlab use cases

[enterprise](/enterprise/) [small business](/small-business/) [continuous
integration (ci/cd)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/continuous-integration/) [source
code management (scm)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/source-code-management/) [out-
of-the-box pipelines (auto devops)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/auto-devops/)
[security (devsecops)](/solutions/dev-sec-ops/) [agile
development](/solutions/agile-delivery/) [value stream
management](/solutions/value-stream-management/) [gitops](/solutions/gitops/)

  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [resources](/resources/)

[all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/) [community](/community/) [get
started](/get-started/) [upcoming events](/events/) [is gitlab any good?](/is-
it-any-good/) [customer case studies](/customers/) [2020 developer
survey](/developer-survey/) [topics](/topics/) [gitlab
docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)

  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [partners](/partners/)
  * [support](/support/)

[contact support](/support/#contact-support) [licensing and
subscriptions](/pricing/licensing-faq/) [caring for customers](/customer-
care/) [support resources](/get-help/) [partners](/partners/) [channel
partners](/resellers/)

  * [install gitlab](/install/)
  * [ explore ](https://gitlab.com/explore)
  * [ sign in ](https://gitlab.com/users/sign_in)
  * __

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

__

![gitlab x icon svg](/images/icons/x.svg)

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)

[![gitlab cogs icon svg](/images/nav/cogs-color.svg)

gitlab professional services

accelerate your software lifecycle with help from gitlab experts

](/services/)

popular gitlab use cases

[enterprise](/enterprise/) [small business](/small-business/) [continuous
integration (ci/cd)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/continuous-integration/) [source
code management (scm)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/source-code-management/) [out-
of-the-box pipelines (auto devops)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/auto-devops/)
[security (devsecops)](/solutions/dev-sec-ops/) [agile
development](/solutions/agile-delivery/) [value stream
management](/solutions/value-stream-management/) [gitops](/solutions/gitops/)

  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [resources](/resources/)

[all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/) [community](/community/) [get
started](/get-started/) [upcoming events](/events/) [is gitlab any good?](/is-
it-any-good/) [customer case studies](/customers/) [2020 developer
survey](/developer-survey/) [topics](/topics/) [gitlab
docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)

  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [partners](/partners/)
  * [support](/support/)

[contact support](/support/#contact-support) [licensing and
subscriptions](/pricing/licensing-faq/) [caring for customers](/customer-
care/) [support resources](/get-help/) [partners](/partners/) [channel
partners](/resellers/)

  * [install gitlab](/install/)
  * [ explore ](https://gitlab.com/explore)
  * [ sign in ](https://gitlab.com/users/sign_in)
  * __

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

__ __

![gitlab hero border pattern left svg](/images/home/icons-pattern-left.svg)
![gitlab hero border pattern right svg](/images/home/icons-pattern-right.svg)

#  gitlab privacy policy

  1. you are here:
  2. gitlab privacy policy

_last updated: 21 january 2021_

## introduction

at gitlab, we take the privacy and security of your information seriously.
this privacy policy (âprivacy policyâ) will explain how we collect, use
and share your personal information, and how you may exercise your rights.
this privacy policy applies to the gitlab websites (âwebsitesâ),
gitlab.com (âsaasâ), and self-managed (âself-managedâ) products and
services; collectively âservices.â

âpersonal informationâ as used in this privacy policy is information that
identifies or can reasonably be linked directly or indirectly to an
identifiable person

### what personal information does gitlab collect about me?

#### information you provide directly

we collect the personal information you provide to us, for example:

_account information:_ when you register for an account with gitlab, we
collect information that identifies you such as your name, username, email
address and password.

_profile information:_ we collect information that you voluntarily provide in
your user profile; this may include your public avatar (which may be a photo),
additional email addresses, company/organization name, job title, country,
social media handles, and biography. please note this information may be
visible to other users of the services and to the public depending on the
privacy setting you apply.

_payment information:_ if you purchase a paid subscription from gitlab, we
will collect payment information from you that may include your name, billing
address and credit card or bank information.

_contact information:_ if you request gitlab to contact you, or sign up for
marketing materials or events, gitlab may collect information such as name,
address, email address, telephone number, company name, and size of company.

_content you provide through the use of the services:_ when you use the saas
service, we collect and store content that you post, send, receive and share.
examples of content we collect and store include but are not limited to: the
summary and description added to an issue, your repositories, commits, project
contributions and comments. content also includes any code, files and links
you upload to the saas service.

if you are using our self-managed product, we do not host, store, transmit,
receive or collect information about you (including your content), except in
limited cases, where permitted by your administrator. see the section on
âinformation about your use of the servicesâ for more details.

we may also collect other content that you submit to our services. for
example: feedback, comments and blog posts, or when you participate in any
interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities
or events.

_customer support and professional services:_ if you contact gitlab customer
support or receive professional services, we will collect information about
you related to your account and to the requests you are making or the services
being provided.

#### information about your use of the services we collect automatically

_device information and identifiers:_ when you access and use our services, we
automatically collect information about your device, which may include: device
type, your device operating system; browser type and version; language
preference; ip address, cookie identifiers, hardware identifiers, and mobile
ids.

_license information:_ for our self-managed products we may automatically
collect information about the number of active users, historical user count,
licensee name, email address, ip address and similar information.

_services usage data:_ gitlab may also collect information about how you use
our saas and self-hosted products such as, activity data, feature usage, and
product version data. this information may be aggregated or identifiable. for
more information about the data collected, and how to set your preferences,
please visit [services usage
data](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/legal/privacy/services-usage-data/)

_website usage data:_ when you visit our websites, we automatically log
information about how you interact with the sites, such as the referring site,
data and time of visit, and the pages you have viewed or links clicked on.

_cookies and similar tracking technologies:_ gitlab uses cookies and similar
technologies to provide functionality, such as storing your settings, and to
recognize you as you use our services. in addition, we use cookies to gather
information to provide interest-based advertising which is tailored to you
based on your online activity. please review our [cookie
policy](https://about.gitlab.com/privacy/cookies/) to learn about our
practices and the controls we provide you.

_email marketing:_ when we send you emails, they may include technology such
as a web beacon, that tells us your device type, email client, and whether you
have received and opened an email, or clicked on any links contained in the
email.

_buttons, tools, and content from other companies:_ the services may include
links or buttons to third party services such as facebook and twitter. we may
collect information about your use of these features. in addition, when you
see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, some information from
your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. please read that
companyâs privacy policy for more information.

#### information from third parties and partners

we may also receive information about you from third parties such as vendors,
resellers, partners, or affiliates. for example, we receive information from
our resellers about you and your orders, or we may supplement the data we
collect with demographic information licensed from third parties in order to
personalize the services and our offers to you.

_third party sign-in services:_ gitlab allows you to sign up for/in to our
services using third party accounts, such as facebook or google. when you give
permission for this to happen, gitlab will receive information about you from
your third-party account, such as name, email address, location and
demographic information.

when you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. and you may use
web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic
data collection. but if you choose not to provide or allow information that is
necessary for certain products or features, those products or features may not
be available or function correctly.

### how is your personal information used?

gitlab uses your personal information for the following purposes:

  * to create your account, identify and authenticate your access to the services and provide you with the services you have requested;
  * to process your payment for the services you have purchased;
  * to understand how our services are used and to improve our services;
  * to provide personalized experiences;
  * to conduct user research and development;
  * to send you important information about the services;
  * to send you information you have requested;
  * to send you advertising, marketing content, offers, promotions, newsletters, surveys or other information;
  * to respond to your requests for customer support;
  * to improve the security of and troubleshoot our services, as necessary to perform the contract governing your use of our applications or to communicate with you;
  * to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud and abuse to protect you, gitlab, and third parties;
  * to enforce the legal terms that govern our services;
  * to comply with our legal obligations;
  * to protect the rights, safety and property of gitlab, you, or any third party; and
  * for other purposes, for which we obtain your consent.

#### legal basis for processing of your information

if you are located in the european economic area (eea), united kingdom, or
switzerland, we collect and process your personal information on the following
legal bases set out by applicable law:

_performance of a contract:_ we use your personal information to provide the
services you have subscribed to, and to complete and administer the contract
you have entered into with gitlab.

_legitimate interests:_ we use your personal information for our legitimate
interests, such as to provide you with relevant content, improve our products
and services, and for administrative, security, fraud prevention and legal
purposes. you may object to the processing of your personal information for
these purposes at any time.

_consent:_ we may use your personal information, with your consent, for
specific purposes such as marketing, surveys, and research. you may withdraw
your consent for the specific purpose or object to the processing of your
personal information at any time.

### who is your information shared with?

we may share each of the categories of personal information we collect with
the types of third parties described below, for the following business
purposes:

_sharing with users and the public:_ we may share your personal information
with other users of the services and with the public if you choose to make
your saas profile public. you have control over what information is public. to
change your settings, go to [user settings](https://gitlab.com/-/profile) in
your profile. you should also be aware that any information you share as part
of a project, blog, website etc. may be publicly available and you should
consider this carefully when interacting with the services.

_sharing with managed accounts and administrators:_ if you have created a
gitlab account with your corporate email address, we may share your personal
information with your company if your company enters into a commercial
relationship with gitlab. if this happens, then your use of the software and
your account is subject to the terms and any data protection agreement between
your company and gitlab.

in addition, if you choose to become a member of a project, your username,
email address, ip address, the date access was granted, the date access
expires, and your access role will be shared with the group owners of that
project.

_sharing with service providers:_ we share your personal information with our
service providers. these are companies who provide services on our behalf,
such as hosting our services, marketing, advertising, social, analytics,
support ticketing, credit card processing, security and other such similar
services. these companies are subject to contractual requirements that govern
the security and confidentiality of your information.

for example, we use analytics providers, such as google analytics, to help us
understand the operation and performance of our services. to learn about how
google uses and shares data it collects through its services, please visit
<https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/>.

_sharing with partners and resellers:_ gitlab works with third parties who
provide sales, consulting, support and technical services for our services.
where permitted and with your consent (if required), we may share your data
with these partners and resellers.

_sharing with affiliated companies:_ gitlab will share information collected
with [companies owned and operated by
us](https://about.gitlab.com/company/visiting/).

_sharing for fraud and prevention abuse:_ we may share your information when
we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to prevent fraud,
abuse of our services, defend against attacks, and to protect the safety of
gitlab and our users.

_law enforcement:_ gitlab may disclose personal information or other
information we collect about you to law enforcement if required in response to
a valid subpoena, court order, search warrant, a similar government order, or
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with our
legal obligations, to protect our property or rights, or those of third
parties or the public at large.

_merger or acquisition:_ we may share your personal information if we are
involved in a merger, sale, or acquisition of corporate entities or business
units. if any such change of ownership happens, we will ensure that it is
under terms that preserve the confidentiality of your personal information,
and we will notify you on our website or by email before any transfer of your
personal information.

### is your personal information transferred across national borders?

our services are hosted in the united states and information we collect will
be stored and processed on our servers in the united states. our employees,
contractors, affiliated organizations and processors that process personal
information may be located in the united states or other countries outside of
your home country. if you reside in the european economic area, united
kingdom, or switzerland, and we transfer information about you to a
jurisdiction that has not been found by the european commission to have
adequate data protections, we will use available safeguards and legal
mechanisms to help ensure your rights and protections, including using
standard contractual clauses or obtaining your consent.

### security

we work hard to protect your personal information. we employ administrative,
technical, and physical security controls where appropriate, to protect your
information. for more information on our security practices please see:
[technical and organizational security measures for
gitlab.com](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/engineering/security/security-
assurance/technical-and-organizational-measures.html).

### data retention

gitlab will retain your information for as long as your account is active or
as needed to perform our contractual obligations, provide you the services,
comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, preserve legal rights, or
enforce our agreements.

we may delete inactive accounts and associated projects and repositories after
a period of twelve (12) months.

## rights and choices

you have the right to access, correct, restrict or delete your personal
information, and to port your personal information to another company. while
these rights may vary by jurisdiction, gitlab provides you with the same
rights and choices, no matter where you live.

you may exercise your choices and rights as follows:

_to opt out of email marketing:_ you may opt-out of email marketing by
clicking the âunsubscribeâ link located at the bottom of any email you
receive or by visiting our [preference
center](https://about.gitlab.com/company/preference-center/) and
unsubscribing. you may continue to receive transactional email messages about
your account and the service after you have unsubscribed.

_to opt-out of interest-based advertising:_ if you wish to opt-out of
interest-based advertising, please visit the cookie policy to see your
options.

_request a copy of your information:_ you may [request a copy of the personal
information](/handbook/gdpr/) that gitlab has about you.

_update your information:_ if you already have an account, you may access,
update, or alter your user profile information by logging into your account
and updating profile settings.

_to delete your account:_ you may delete your account by logging into your
account and going to the âdelete my accountâ option in your profile
settings.

please note that due to the open source nature of our services, we may retain
limited personal information indefinitely in order to provide a transactional
history. for example, if you provide your information in connection with a
blog post or comment, we may display that information even if you have deleted
your account as we do not automatically delete community posts. also, if you
contribute to a public project (not owned by gitlab), and you provide your
personal information in connection with that contribution, your personal
information will be embedded and publicly displayed with your contribution,
and we will not be able to delete or erase it because doing so would break the
project.

if you contribute to a gitlab project by commenting in, or creating an issue
or merge request and you provide your personal information in connection with
that contribution, your personal information associated with your contribution
will be deleted and attributed to a ghost user. however, please note that if
the content of the contribution contains personal information, this
information would remain and you will need to submit a specific request to
have this information deleted.

_to port your projects:_ you may port your projects by either using the
[export
functionality](https://docs.gitlab.com/12.10/ee/user/project/settings/import_export.html)
provided within the saas product which will also include all metadata, or by
cloning your repositories. to port your profile information, you may use the
[api](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/api/users.html#for-user).

### california privacy rights

under the california consumer privacy act (âccpaâ) you are entitled to
certain rights such as access to your specific personal information, details
about our processing of your personal information, and the right to delete
your information. you may exercise all of these rights as described in the
âyour rights and choicesâ section. gitlab does not sell your personal
information, as defined under ccpa, and has not done so for the past 12
months.

you may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized
agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the ccpa.
before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to
provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need
you to verify your identity directly with us. to provide or delete specific
pieces of personal information we will need to verify your identity to the
degree of certainty required by law. we will verify your request by using one
of the methods set forth [here](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/gdpr/).

### information gitlab does not collect

gitlab does not intentionally collect sensitive personal information, such as
social security numbers, genetic data, health information, or religious
information. although gitlab does not request or intentionally collect any
sensitive personal information, we realize that users might store this kind of
information in a gitlab repository. if you are a child under the age of 13,
you may not have an account. gitlab does not knowingly collect information
from, or direct any of our services to, children under 13. if we learn or have
reason to suspect that a user is under the age of 13, we will close the
childâs account.

### policy changes

gitlab may change its privacy policy from time to time. when we do, we will
update the date at the top of this policy. if we decide to make a significant
change to our privacy policy, we will post a notice of the update on the
homepage of our website. we may also provide notification via email of any
material changes to our privacy policy.

### contact us

your information is controlled by gitlab b.v. and gitlab inc. if you have
questions or concerns about the way we are handling your information, please
email us with the subject line "privacy concern" at `dpo@gitlab.com`.

  * [__ twitter ](https://twitter.com/gitlab)
  * [__ facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/gitlab)
  * [__ youtube ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucnmgq8qhmanvisi3xjrihhg)
  * [__ linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/gitlab-com)

### why gitlab?

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)
  * [solutions](/solutions/)
  * [services](/services/)
  * [devops lifecycle](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)
  * [devops tools](/devops-tools/)
  * [is it any good?](/is-it-any-good/)
  * [releases](/releases/)
  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [get started](/get-started/)

### resources

  * [all resources](/resources/)
  * [all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/)
  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [newsletter](/company/contact/)
  * [events](/events/)
  * [webcasts](/webcast/)
  * [topics](/topics/)
  * [training](/training/)
  * [docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)
  * [install](/install/)

### community

  * [customers](/customers/)
  * [contribute](/community/contribute/)
  * [community programs](/community/)
  * [direction](/direction/)
  * [technology partners](/partners/)
  * [channel partners](/resellers/)
  * [open source partners](/solutions/open-source/partners/)
  * [gitlab for open source](/solutions/open-source/)
  * [gitlab for education](/solutions/education/)
  * [gitlab for startups](/solutions/startups/)
  * [shop](https://shop.gitlab.com)
  * [community forum](https://forum.gitlab.com/)

### support

  * [get help](/get-help/)
  * [contact sales](/sales/)
  * [contact support](/support/#contact-support)
  * [support options](/support/)
  * [status](https://status.gitlab.com/)
  * [customers portal](https://customers.gitlab.com/)

### company

  * [about](/company/)
  * [what is gitlab?](/what-is-gitlab/)
  * [jobs](/jobs/)
  * [culture](/company/culture/)
  * [team](/company/team/)
  * [press](/press/)
  * [analysts](/analysts/)
  * [handbook](/handbook/)
  * [security](/security/)
  * [contact](/company/contact/)
  * [terms](/terms/)
  * [privacy](/privacy/)
  * [trademark](/handbook/marketing/corporate-marketing/brand-activation/brand-guidelines/#trademark)

git is a trademark of software freedom conservancy and our use of 'gitlab' is
under license

view [page source](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/blob/master/sites/marketing/source/privacy/index.html.md) -- edit in [web
ide](https://gitlab.com/-/ide/project/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/edit/master/-/sites/marketing/source/privacy/index.html.md) -- please
[contribute](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/blob/master/contributing.md). [ ![creative commons license](/images/by-
sa.svg) ](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

