[ ](/)

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)

[![gitlab cogs icon svg](/images/nav/cogs-color.svg)

gitlab professional services

accelerate your software lifecycle with help from gitlab experts

](/services/)

popular gitlab use cases

[enterprise](/enterprise/) [small business](/small-business/) [continuous
integration (ci/cd)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/continuous-integration/) [source
code management (scm)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/source-code-management/) [out-
of-the-box pipelines (auto devops)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/auto-devops/)
[security (devsecops)](/solutions/dev-sec-ops/) [agile
development](/solutions/agile-delivery/) [value stream
management](/solutions/value-stream-management/) [gitops](/solutions/gitops/)

  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [resources](/resources/)

[all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/) [community](/community/) [get
started](/get-started/) [upcoming events](/events/) [is gitlab any good?](/is-
it-any-good/) [customer case studies](/customers/) [2020 developer
survey](/developer-survey/) [topics](/topics/) [gitlab
docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)

  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [partners](/partners/)
  * [support](/support/)

[contact support](/support/#contact-support) [licensing and
subscriptions](/pricing/licensing-faq/) [caring for customers](/customer-
care/) [support resources](/get-help/) [partners](/partners/) [channel
partners](/resellers/)

  * [install gitlab](/install/)
  * [ explore ](https://gitlab.com/explore)
  * [ sign in ](https://gitlab.com/users/sign_in)
  * __

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

__

![gitlab x icon svg](/images/icons/x.svg)

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)

[![gitlab cogs icon svg](/images/nav/cogs-color.svg)

gitlab professional services

accelerate your software lifecycle with help from gitlab experts

](/services/)

popular gitlab use cases

[enterprise](/enterprise/) [small business](/small-business/) [continuous
integration (ci/cd)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/continuous-integration/) [source
code management (scm)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/source-code-management/) [out-
of-the-box pipelines (auto devops)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/auto-devops/)
[security (devsecops)](/solutions/dev-sec-ops/) [agile
development](/solutions/agile-delivery/) [value stream
management](/solutions/value-stream-management/) [gitops](/solutions/gitops/)

  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [resources](/resources/)

[all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/) [community](/community/) [get
started](/get-started/) [upcoming events](/events/) [is gitlab any good?](/is-
it-any-good/) [customer case studies](/customers/) [2020 developer
survey](/developer-survey/) [topics](/topics/) [gitlab
docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)

  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [partners](/partners/)
  * [support](/support/)

[contact support](/support/#contact-support) [licensing and
subscriptions](/pricing/licensing-faq/) [caring for customers](/customer-
care/) [support resources](/get-help/) [partners](/partners/) [channel
partners](/resellers/)

  * [install gitlab](/install/)
  * [ explore ](https://gitlab.com/explore)
  * [ sign in ](https://gitlab.com/users/sign_in)
  * __

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

__ __

![gitlab hero border pattern left svg](/images/home/icons-pattern-left.svg)
![gitlab hero border pattern right svg](/images/home/icons-pattern-right.svg)

#  gitlab terms of service

  1. you are here:
  2. gitlab terms of service

thank you for choosing gitlab! for the current terms please see the current
terms of use table below.

if you received an order form / quote, or purchased, prior to february 1,
2021, please see the agreement history below for the terms applicable to your
purchase and/or use of gitlab software.

## **current terms of use**

type of use / activity | applicable agreement  
---|---  
use of any [gitlab software offering](https://about.gitlab.com/pricing/),
including free tier | [subscription
agreement](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/legal/subscription-agreement/)  
use of any gitlab professional services | [professional services
agreement](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/legal/professional-services-
agreement/)  
privacy policy | [gitlab privacy policy](https://about.gitlab.com/privacy/)  
gitlab processing your data | [gitlab data processing
agreement](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/legal/data-processing-agreement/)  
request removal of content / data | [dmca notice and take
down](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/dmca/)  
use of gitlab's website(s) | [website terms of
use](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/legal/policies/website-terms-of-use/)  
cookies & visiting the website | [gitlab cookie
policy](https://about.gitlab.com/privacy/cookies/)  
partner program | enroll and terms please visit the [gitlab partner
program](https://partners.gitlab.com/english/)  
  
## **agreement history**

gitlab, including gitlab legal, is committed to
[transparency](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/values/#transparency) as part
of itsâ values, as such we provide previous versions of our agreements.

legacy agreement and applicable dates | agreement location  
---|---  
subscription agreement (january 2015 - january 2021) | [legacy subscription
agreement](https://about.gitlab.com/terms/signature.html)  
  
  * [__ twitter ](https://twitter.com/gitlab)
  * [__ facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/gitlab)
  * [__ youtube ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucnmgq8qhmanvisi3xjrihhg)
  * [__ linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/gitlab-com)

### why gitlab?

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)
  * [solutions](/solutions/)
  * [services](/services/)
  * [devops lifecycle](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)
  * [devops tools](/devops-tools/)
  * [is it any good?](/is-it-any-good/)
  * [releases](/releases/)
  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [get started](/get-started/)

### resources

  * [all resources](/resources/)
  * [all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/)
  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [newsletter](/company/contact/)
  * [events](/events/)
  * [webcasts](/webcast/)
  * [topics](/topics/)
  * [training](/training/)
  * [docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)
  * [install](/install/)

### community

  * [customers](/customers/)
  * [contribute](/community/contribute/)
  * [community programs](/community/)
  * [direction](/direction/)
  * [technology partners](/partners/)
  * [channel partners](/resellers/)
  * [open source partners](/solutions/open-source/partners/)
  * [gitlab for open source](/solutions/open-source/)
  * [gitlab for education](/solutions/education/)
  * [gitlab for startups](/solutions/startups/)
  * [shop](https://shop.gitlab.com)
  * [community forum](https://forum.gitlab.com/)

### support

  * [get help](/get-help/)
  * [contact sales](/sales/)
  * [contact support](/support/#contact-support)
  * [support options](/support/)
  * [status](https://status.gitlab.com/)
  * [customers portal](https://customers.gitlab.com/)

### company

  * [about](/company/)
  * [what is gitlab?](/what-is-gitlab/)
  * [jobs](/jobs/)
  * [culture](/company/culture/)
  * [team](/company/team/)
  * [press](/press/)
  * [analysts](/analysts/)
  * [handbook](/handbook/)
  * [security](/security/)
  * [contact](/company/contact/)
  * [terms](/terms/)
  * [privacy](/privacy/)
  * [trademark](/handbook/marketing/corporate-marketing/brand-activation/brand-guidelines/#trademark)

git is a trademark of software freedom conservancy and our use of 'gitlab' is
under license

view [page source](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/blob/master/sites/marketing/source/terms/index.html.md) -- edit in [web
ide](https://gitlab.com/-/ide/project/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/edit/master/-/sites/marketing/source/terms/index.html.md) -- please
[contribute](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/blob/master/contributing.md). [ ![creative commons license](/images/by-
sa.svg) ](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

