[ ](/)

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)

[![gitlab cogs icon svg](/images/nav/cogs-color.svg)

gitlab professional services

accelerate your software lifecycle with help from gitlab experts

](/services/)

popular gitlab use cases

[enterprise](/enterprise/) [small business](/small-business/) [continuous
integration (ci/cd)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/continuous-integration/) [source
code management (scm)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/source-code-management/) [out-
of-the-box pipelines (auto devops)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/auto-devops/)
[security (devsecops)](/solutions/dev-sec-ops/) [agile
development](/solutions/agile-delivery/) [value stream
management](/solutions/value-stream-management/) [gitops](/solutions/gitops/)

  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [resources](/resources/)

[all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/) [community](/community/) [get
started](/get-started/) [upcoming events](/events/) [is gitlab any good?](/is-
it-any-good/) [customer case studies](/customers/) [2020 developer
survey](/developer-survey/) [topics](/topics/) [gitlab
docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)

  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [partners](/partners/)
  * [support](/support/)

[contact support](/support/#contact-support) [licensing and
subscriptions](/pricing/licensing-faq/) [caring for customers](/customer-
care/) [support resources](/get-help/) [partners](/partners/) [channel
partners](/resellers/)

  * [install gitlab](/install/)
  * [ explore ](https://gitlab.com/explore)
  * [ sign in ](https://gitlab.com/users/sign_in)
  * __

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

__

![gitlab x icon svg](/images/icons/x.svg)

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)

[![gitlab cogs icon svg](/images/nav/cogs-color.svg)

gitlab professional services

accelerate your software lifecycle with help from gitlab experts

](/services/)

popular gitlab use cases

[enterprise](/enterprise/) [small business](/small-business/) [continuous
integration (ci/cd)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/continuous-integration/) [source
code management (scm)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/source-code-management/) [out-
of-the-box pipelines (auto devops)](/stages-devops-lifecycle/auto-devops/)
[security (devsecops)](/solutions/dev-sec-ops/) [agile
development](/solutions/agile-delivery/) [value stream
management](/solutions/value-stream-management/) [gitops](/solutions/gitops/)

  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [resources](/resources/)

[all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/) [community](/community/) [get
started](/get-started/) [upcoming events](/events/) [is gitlab any good?](/is-
it-any-good/) [customer case studies](/customers/) [2020 developer
survey](/developer-survey/) [topics](/topics/) [gitlab
docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)

  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [partners](/partners/)
  * [support](/support/)

[contact support](/support/#contact-support) [licensing and
subscriptions](/pricing/licensing-faq/) [caring for customers](/customer-
care/) [support resources](/get-help/) [partners](/partners/) [channel
partners](/resellers/)

  * [install gitlab](/install/)
  * [ explore ](https://gitlab.com/explore)
  * [ sign in ](https://gitlab.com/users/sign_in)
  * __

[ get free trial ](/free-trial/)

__ __

# gitlab trust center

**at gitlab, we're committed to information security.** it's our mission to be
the most transparent security organization in the world, while leading the
industry in security and privacy best practices, regulatory compliance, and
results.

for the most current information on our security and compliance posture, see
our [customer assurance
package](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/engineering/security/security-
assurance/risk-field-security/customer-assurance-package.html). you can also
subscribe to our [security release rss
feed](https://about.gitlab.com/security-releases.xml) for regular updates.

* * *

## compliance at gitlab

[we take compliance
seriously](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/engineering/security/security-
assurance/security-compliance/sec-controls.html), because we know how much
security and accessibility matters to our customers and stakeholders.

### soc2 certification

![](/images/risk-and-field-security/soc_noncpa.jpg)

gitlab saas maintains [soc 2 type 2 and soc 3 type
2](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/engineering/security/security-
assurance/security-compliance/certifications.html) reports for the security
criteria

### csa star

![](/images/risk-and-field-security/csa-blue.jpg)

[csa star](https://cloudsecurityalliance.org/star/registry/gitlab/) submitted
april 14, 2020 documents the security and privacy controls of our saas
offering

### vpat compliance

![](/images/risk-and-field-security/vpat.jpg)

our [accessibility conformance
report](https://design.gitlab.com/accessibility/vpat) shows our commitment to
maintaining a product where everyone can contribute

### gdpr compliance

![](/images/risk-and-field-security/gdpr.jpg)

gitlab is compliant with [gdpr requirements](/privacy/privacy-compliance/)

### bitsight security rating

![](/images/risk-and-field-security/bitsight_logo_tagline.png)

gitlab maintains an advanced [bitsight
security](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/engineering/security/security-
assurance/risk-field-security/customer-assurance-package.html#bitsight) rating

#### security

  * [frequently asked questions (faqs)](/security/faq/)
  * [our security practices](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/security/)
  * [best practices for securing your gitlab instance](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2020/05/20/gitlab-instance-security-best-practices/)
  * [security blog](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/categories/security/)
  * [security department overview](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/engineering/security/)

#### privacy

  * [frequently asked questions (faqs)](/privacy/2021-update-faq/)
  * [privacy policy](/privacy/)
  * [personal data requests](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/gdpr/)
  * [responsible disclosure policy](/security/disclosure/)
  * [gitlab privacy processes](https://about.gitlab.com/handbook/legal/privacy/)

[contact our security team](mailto:%20security@gitlab.com)

  * [__ twitter ](https://twitter.com/gitlab)
  * [__ facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/gitlab)
  * [__ youtube ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucnmgq8qhmanvisi3xjrihhg)
  * [__ linkedin ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/gitlab-com)

### why gitlab?

  * [product](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)
  * [solutions](/solutions/)
  * [services](/services/)
  * [devops lifecycle](/stages-devops-lifecycle/)
  * [devops tools](/devops-tools/)
  * [is it any good?](/is-it-any-good/)
  * [releases](/releases/)
  * [pricing](/pricing/)
  * [get started](/get-started/)

### resources

  * [all resources](/resources/)
  * [all-remote](/company/culture/all-remote/)
  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [newsletter](/company/contact/)
  * [events](/events/)
  * [webcasts](/webcast/)
  * [topics](/topics/)
  * [training](/training/)
  * [docs](https://docs.gitlab.com/)
  * [install](/install/)

### community

  * [customers](/customers/)
  * [contribute](/community/contribute/)
  * [community programs](/community/)
  * [direction](/direction/)
  * [technology partners](/partners/)
  * [channel partners](/resellers/)
  * [open source partners](/solutions/open-source/partners/)
  * [gitlab for open source](/solutions/open-source/)
  * [gitlab for education](/solutions/education/)
  * [gitlab for startups](/solutions/startups/)
  * [shop](https://shop.gitlab.com)
  * [community forum](https://forum.gitlab.com/)

### support

  * [get help](/get-help/)
  * [contact sales](/sales/)
  * [contact support](/support/#contact-support)
  * [support options](/support/)
  * [status](https://status.gitlab.com/)
  * [customers portal](https://customers.gitlab.com/)

### company

  * [about](/company/)
  * [what is gitlab?](/what-is-gitlab/)
  * [jobs](/jobs/)
  * [culture](/company/culture/)
  * [team](/company/team/)
  * [press](/press/)
  * [analysts](/analysts/)
  * [handbook](/handbook/)
  * [security](/security/)
  * [contact](/company/contact/)
  * [terms](/terms/)
  * [privacy](/privacy/)
  * [trademark](/handbook/marketing/corporate-marketing/brand-activation/brand-guidelines/#trademark)

git is a trademark of software freedom conservancy and our use of 'gitlab' is
under license

view [page source](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/blob/master/sites/marketing/source/security/index.html.haml) -- edit in
[web ide](https://gitlab.com/-/ide/project/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/edit/master/-/sites/marketing/source/security/index.html.haml) -- please
[contribute](https://gitlab.com/gitlab-com/www-gitlab-
com/blob/master/contributing.md). [ ![creative commons license](/images/by-
sa.svg) ](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

try gitlab ultimate risk-free for 30 days.

no credit card required. have questions? [contact us.](/sales/)

[get your free trial today](/free-trial/)

