message disclaimer

## title

body

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

  * name & protect
  * build & grow
  * godaddy pro
  * more

  * [ **domain names** ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains)
  * [search for domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
  * [transfer domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-transfer)
  * [protect domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/full-domain-privacy-and-protection)
  * [explore domain extensions](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/gtld-domain-names)
  * [auctions for domain names](https://auctions.godaddy.com)
  * [generate domain & business names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-generator)
  * [investing in domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-investing)
  * [find a domain owner (whois)](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)

  * [ **protect & secure** ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
  * [protect against malware & attacks](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-security)
  * [secure your website (ssl certificates)](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/ssl-certificate)
  * [back up your website](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-backup)

[ learn more about domains  ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains) [ learn about
security  ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)

  * [ **websites & stores** ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
  * [website builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/website-builder)
  * [online store builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/online-store)
  * [let us make your website](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/web-design)
  * [all hosting options](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
  * [web hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/web-hosting)
  * [wordpress hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
  * [manage clients & their sites](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

  * [ **connect & grow** ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)
  * [email & microsoft 365](https://www.godaddy.com/email)
  * [second mobile phone number](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
  * [digital marketing suite](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/digital-marketing-suite)
  * [download the godaddy app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
  * [let us grow your brand](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/godaddy-social)
  * [earn money with godaddy](https://www.godaddy.com/become-a-partner)
  * [see our latest deals](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ explore website options  ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites) [ learn to grow
your business  ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)

  * **welcome to godaddy pro**
  * [**exclusively for web designers and developers** , godaddy pro offers an ever-growing set of products, tools, content and support tailored to your unique business needs.](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
[ enter godaddy pro site ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ contact us 24/7 ](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

notifications

  * you have no notifications.  
they'll be here when you get 'em.

sign in

quick links

  * **control panel links:**
  * [manage domains](https://dcc.godaddy.com)
  * [manage website builder](http://account.godaddy.com/products?acctid=44)
  * [manage hosting](https://myh.godaddy.com)
  * [manage ssl certificates](https://certs.godaddy.com)
  * [manage email](http://productivity.godaddy.com?marketid=en-us)

  * **inbox links:**
  * [office 365 email login](http://sso.godaddy.com?app=o365&realm=pass&marketid=en-us)
  * [godaddy webmail login](http://email.godaddy.com?target=blank)

registered users

have an account? sign in now.

[sign
in](https://sso.godaddy.com?realm=idp&app=account&path=%2fproducts&marketid=en-
us)

new customer

new to godaddy? create an account to get started today.

[create my
account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account)

[{{displayname}}](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)

**customer #:** {{shopperid}} |  **pin:
**[view](https://account.godaddy.com/security/login-info/edit)

  * [godaddy pro](https://pro.godaddy.com)
  * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
  * [account settings](https://account.godaddy.com)
  * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/billing?filter=expires&subfilter=90)

[visit my account](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
[log out](https://sso.godaddy.com/logout?realm=idp)

[ checkout now ](https://cart.godaddy.com)

godaddy

# uniform domain name dispute resolution policy

**last revised: 10/24/2019**

(as approved by icann on october 24, 1999)

****1\. purpose****

this uniform domain name dispute resolution policy (the "policy") has been
adopted by the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers ("icann"),
is incorporated by reference into your registration agreement, and sets forth
the terms and conditions in connection with a dispute between you and any
party other than us (the registrar) over the registration and use of an
internet domain name registered by you. proceedings under paragraph 4 of this
policy will be conducted according to the rules for uniform domain name
dispute resolution policy (the "rules of procedure"), which are available
[here](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/udrp-rules-2015-03-11-en), and
the selected administrative-dispute-resolution service provider's supplemental
rules.

****2\. your representations****

by applying to register a domain name, or by asking us to maintain or renew a
domain name registration, you hereby represent and warrant to us that (a) the
statements that you made in your registration agreement are complete and
accurate; (b) to your knowledge, the registration of the domain name will not
infringe upon or otherwise violate the rights of any third party; (c) you are
not registering the domain name for an unlawful purpose; and (d) you will not
knowingly use the domain name in violation of any applicable laws or
regulations. it is your responsibility to determine whether your domain name
registration infringes or violates someone else's rights.

****3\. cancellations, transfers, and changes****

we will cancel, transfer or otherwise make changes to domain name
registrations under the following circumstances:

  1. subject to the provisions of paragraph 8, our receipt of written or appropriate electronic instructions from you or your authorized agent to take such action;
  2. our receipt of an order from a court or arbitral tribunal, in each case of competent jurisdiction, requiring such action; and/or
  3. our receipt of a decision of an administrative panel requiring such action in any administrative proceeding to which you were a party and which was conducted under this policy or a later version of this policy adopted by icann. (see paragraph 4(i) and (k) below.)
  4. we may also cancel, transfer or otherwise make changes to a domain name registration in accordance with the terms of your registration agreement or other legal requirements.

****4\. mandatory administrative proceeding****

this paragraph sets forth the type of disputes for which you are required to
submit to a mandatory administrative proceeding. these proceedings will be
conducted before one of the administrative-dispute-resolution service
providers listed
[here](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/providers-6d-2012-02-25-en)
(each, a "provider").

  1. applicable disputes. you are required to submit to a mandatory administrative proceeding in the event that a third party (a "complainant") asserts to the applicable provider, in compliance with the rules of procedure, that 
    * your domain name is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark or service mark in which the complainant has rights; and
    * you have no rights or legitimate interests in respect of the domain name; and
    * your domain name has been registered and is being used in bad faith.
in the administrative proceeding, the complainant must prove that each of
these three elements are present.

  2. evidence of registration and use in bad faith. for the purposes of paragraph 4(a)(iii), the following circumstances, in particular but without limitation, if found by the panel to be present, shall be evidence of the registration and use of a domain name in bad faith:
    * circumstances indicating that you have registered or you have acquired the domain name primarily for the purpose of selling, renting, or otherwise transferring the domain name registration to the complainant who is the owner of the trademark or service mark or to a competitor of that complainant, for valuable consideration in excess of your documented out-of-pocket costs directly related to the domain name; or
    * you have registered the domain name in order to prevent the owner of the trademark or service mark from reflecting the mark in a corresponding domain name, provided that you have engaged in a pattern of such conduct; or
    * you have registered the domain name primarily for the purpose of disrupting the business of a competitor; or
    * by using the domain name, you have intentionally attempted to attract, for commercial gain, internet users to your web site or other on-line location, by creating a likelihood of confusion with the complainant's mark as to the source, sponsorship, affiliation, or endorsement of your web site or location or of a product or service on your web site or location.
  3. how to demonstrate your rights to and legitimate interests in the domain name in responding to a complaint. when you receive a complaint, you should refer to paragraph 5 of the rules of procedure in determining how your response should be prepared. any of the following circumstances, in particular but without limitation, if found by the panel to be proved based on its evaluation of all evidence presented, shall demonstrate your rights or legitimate interests to the domain name for purposes of paragraph 4(a)(ii):
    * before any notice to you of the dispute, your use of, or demonstrable preparations to use, the domain name or a name corresponding to the domain name in connection with a bona fide offering of goods or services; or
    * you (as an individual, business, or other organization) have been commonly known by the domain name, even if you have acquired no trademark or service mark rights; or
    * you are making a legitimate noncommercial or fair use of the domain name, without intent for commercial gain to misleadingly divert consumers or to tarnish the trademark or service mark at issue.
  4. selection of provider. the complainant shall select the provider from among those approved by icann by submitting the complaint to that provider. the selected provider will administer the proceeding, except in cases of consolidation as described in paragraph 4(f).
  5. initiation of proceeding and process and appointment of administrative panel. the rules of procedure state the process for initiating and conducting a proceeding and for appointing the panel that will decide the dispute (the "administrative panel").
  6. consolidation. in the event of multiple disputes between you and a complainant, either you or the complainant may petition to consolidate the disputes before a single administrative panel. this petition shall be made to the first administrative panel appointed to hear a pending dispute between the parties. this administrative panel may consolidate before it any or all such disputes in its sole discretion, provided that the disputes being consolidated are governed by this policy or a later version of this policy adopted by icann.
  7. fees. all fees charged by a provider in connection with any dispute before an administrative panel pursuant to this policy shall be paid by the complainant, except in cases where you elect to expand the administrative panel from one to three panelists as provided in paragraph 5(b)(iv) of the rules of procedure, in which case all fees will be split evenly by you and the complainant.
  8. our involvement in administrative proceedings. we do not, and will not, participate in the administration or conduct of any proceeding before an administrative panel. in addition, we will not be liable as a result of any decisions rendered by the administrative panel.
  9. remedies. the remedies available to a complainant pursuant to any proceeding before an administrative panel shall be limited to requiring the cancellation of your domain name or the transfer of your domain name registration to the complainant.
  10. notification and publication. the provider shall notify us of any decision made by an administrative panel with respect to a domain name you have registered with us. all decisions under this policy will be published in full over the internet, except when an administrative panel determines in an exceptional case to redact portions of its decision.
  11. availability of court proceedings. the mandatory administrative proceeding requirements set forth in paragraph 4 shall not prevent either you or the complainant from submitting the dispute to a court of competent jurisdiction for independent resolution before such mandatory administrative proceeding is commenced or after such proceeding is concluded. if an administrative panel decides that your domain name registration should be canceled or transferred, we will wait ten (10) business days (as observed in the location of our principal office) after we are informed by the applicable provider of the administrative panel's decision before implementing that decision. we will then implement the decision unless we have received from you during that ten (10) business day period official documentation (such as a copy of a complaint, file-stamped by the clerk of the court) that you have commenced a lawsuit against the complainant in a jurisdiction to which the complainant has submitted under paragraph 3(b)(xiii) of the rules of procedure. (in general, that jurisdiction is either the location of our principal office or of your address as shown in our whois database. see paragraphs 1 and 3(b)(xiii) of the rules of procedure for details.) if we receive such documentation within the ten (10) business day period, we will not implement the administrative panel's decision, and we will take no further action, until we receive (i) evidence satisfactory to us of a resolution between the parties; (ii) evidence satisfactory to us that your lawsuit has been dismissed or withdrawn; or (iii) a copy of an order from such court dismissing your lawsuit or ordering that you do not have the right to continue to use your domain name.

****5\. all other disputes and litigation****

all other disputes between you and any party other than us regarding your
domain name registration that are not brought pursuant to the mandatory
administrative proceeding provisions of paragraph 4 shall be resolved between
you and such other party through any court, arbitration or other proceeding
that may be available.

****6\. our involvement in disputes****

we will not participate in any way in any dispute between you and any party
other than us regarding the registration and use of your domain name. you
shall not name us as a party or otherwise include us in any such proceeding.
in the event that we are named as a party in any such proceeding, we reserve
the right to raise any and all defenses deemed appropriate, and to take any
other action necessary to defend ourselves.

****7\. maintaining status quo****

we will not cancel, transfer, activate, deactivate, or otherwise change the
status of any domain name registration under this policy except as provided in
paragraph 3 above.

****8\. transfers during a dispute****

**transfers of a domain name to a new holder**

you may not transfer your domain name registration to another holder (i)
during a pending administrative proceeding brought pursuant to paragraph 4 or
for a period of fifteen (15) business days (as observed in the location of our
principal place of business) after such proceeding is concluded; or (ii)
during a pending court proceeding or arbitration commenced regarding your
domain name unless the party to whom the domain name registration is being
transferred agrees, in writing, to be bound by the decision of the court or
arbitrator. we reserve the right to cancel any transfer of a domain name
registration to another holder that is made in violation of this subparagraph.

**changing registrars**

you may not transfer your domain name registration to another registrar during
a pending administrative proceeding brought pursuant to paragraph 4 or for a
period of fifteen (15) business days (as observed in the location of our
principal place of business) after such proceeding is concluded. you may
transfer administration of your domain name registration to another registrar
during a pending court action or arbitration, provided that the domain name
you have registered with us shall continue to be subject to the proceedings
commenced against you in accordance with the terms of this policy. in the
event that you transfer a domain name registration to us during the pendency
of a court action or arbitration, such dispute shall remain subject to the
domain name dispute policy of the registrar from which the domain name
registration was transferred.

****9\. policy modifications****

we reserve the right to modify this policy at any time with the permission of
icann. we will post our revised policy at this location at least thirty (30)
calendar days before it becomes effective. unless this policy has already been
invoked by the submission of a complaint to a provider, in which event the
version of the policy in effect at the time it was invoked will apply to you
until the dispute is over, all such changes will be binding upon you with
respect to any domain name registration dispute, whether the dispute arose
before, on or after the effective date of our change. in the event that you
object to a change in this policy, your sole remedy is to cancel your domain
name registration with us, provided that you will not be entitled to a refund
of any fees you paid to us. the revised policy will apply to you until you
cancel your domain name registration.

ok

[

we love taking your call.

](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

sign up for news and special offers

sign up

  * about godaddy 

    * [about us](https://aboutus.godaddy.net/about-us/overview/default.aspx)
    * [newsroom](https://newsroom.godaddy.net/newsroom/overview/default.aspx)
    * [investor relations](https://investors.godaddy.net)
    * [careers](https://careers.godaddy.com)
    * [corporate responsibility](https://www.godaddy.com/godaddy-for-good)
    * [trust center](https://www.godaddy.com/trust-center)
    * [legal](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * help center 

    * [help center](https://www.godaddy.com/help)
    * [community](https://www.godaddy.com/community)
    * [godaddy blog](https://www.godaddy.com/garage)
    * [contact us](https://www.godaddy.com/help/contact-us)
    * [report abuse](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/abusereport)
  * resources 

    * [webmail](https://email.godaddy.com?_target=blank)
    * [whois](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)
    * [godaddy mobile app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
    * [icann confirmation](https://dcc.godaddy.com/icann/confirmation?marketid=en-us)
    * [designers & developers](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
    * [corporate domains](https://www.godaddy.com/corporate-domains)
    * [redeem code](https://www.godaddy.com/redemption)
    * [product catalog](https://www.godaddy.com/catalog)
    * [site map](https://www.godaddy.com/site-map)
    * [videos](https://videos.godaddy.com)
  * partner programs 

    * [affiliates](https://www.godaddy.com/affiliate-programs)
    * [reseller programs](https://www.godaddy.com/reseller-program)
    * [godaddy pro](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
  * account 

    * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
    * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/subscriptions)
    * [create account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account&marketid=en-us)
  * shopping 

    * [domains](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
    * [websites](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
    * [wordpress](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
    * [hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
    * [web security](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
    * [email & office](https://www.godaddy.com/email/professional-business-email)
    * [phone numbers](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
    * [promos](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

* * *

united states - english

choose your country/region

  * [**argentina** \- español](https://ar.godaddy.com)
  * [**australia** \- english](https://au.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgi e ** \- nederlands](https://be.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgique** \- français](https://be.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**brasil** \- portugues](https://www.godaddy.com/pt-br)
  * [**canada** \- english](https://ca.godaddy.com)
  * [**canada** \- français](https://ca.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**chile** \- español](https://cl.godaddy.com)
  * [**colombia** \- español](https://co.godaddy.com)
  * [**danmark** \- dansk](https://dk.godaddy.com)
  * [**deutschland** \- deutsch](https://de.godaddy.com)
  * [**espa ña ** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es-es)
  * [**estados unidos** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es)
  * [**france** \- français](https://www.godaddy.com/fr-fr)
  * [**hong kong** \- english](https://hk.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**india** \- english](https://in.godaddy.com)
  * [**india** \- हिंदी](https://in.godaddy.com/hi)
  * [**indonesia** \- bahasa indonesia](https://id.godaddy.com)
  * [**ireland** \- english](https://ie.godaddy.com)
  * [**israel** \- english](https://il.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**italia** \- italiano](https://it.godaddy.com)
  * [**malaysia** \- english](https://my.godaddy.com)
  * [**m exico ** \- español](https://mx.godaddy.com)
  * [**nederland** \- nederlands](https://nl.godaddy.com)
  * [**new zealand** \- english](https://nz.godaddy.com)
  * [**norge** \- bokmal](https://no.godaddy.com)
  * [**ö sterreich ** \- deutsch](https://at.godaddy.com)
  * [**pakistan** \- english](https://pk.godaddy.com)
  * [**per u ** \- español](https://pe.godaddy.com)
  * [**philippines** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com/en-ph)
  * [**polska** \- polski](https://pl.godaddy.com)
  * [**portugal** \- portugues](https://pt.godaddy.com)
  * [**schweiz** \- deutsch](https://ch.godaddy.com)
  * [**singapore** \- english](https://sg.godaddy.com)
  * [**south africa** \- english](https://za.godaddy.com)
  * [**suisse** \- français](https://ch.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**suomi** \- suomi](https://fi.godaddy.com)
  * [**sverige** \- svenska](https://se.godaddy.com)
  * [**svizzera** \- italiano](https://ch.godaddy.com/it)
  * [**t urkiye ** \- turkçe](https://tr.godaddy.com)
  * [**united arab emirates** \- english](https://ae.godaddy.com)
  * [**united kingdom** \- english](https://uk.godaddy.com)
  * [**united states** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com)
  * [**venezuela** \- español](https://ve.godaddy.com)
  * [**vi ệt nam ** \- tiếng việt](https://vn.godaddy.com)
  * [**ε λλάδα ** \- ελληνικά](https://gr.godaddy.com)
  * [**р оссия ** \- русский](https://ru.godaddy.com)
  * [**у країна ** \- українська](https://ua.godaddy.com)
  * [**ا لإمارات العربية المتحدة ** \- اللغة العربية](https://ae.godaddy.com/ar)
  * [**ไ ทย ** \- ไทย](https://th.godaddy.com)
  * [**대 한민국 ** \- 한국어](https://kr.godaddy.com)
  * [**台灣** \- 繁體中文](https://tw.godaddy.com)
  * [**新加坡** \- 简体中文](https://sg.godaddy.com/zh)
  * [**日本** \- 日本語](https://jp.godaddy.com)
  * [**香港** \- 繁體中文](https://hk.godaddy.com)

usd

usd $

aed aed ars $ aud $ brl r$ cad c$ chf chf  clp $ cny ¥ cop $ czk kč dkk kr egp
egp eur € gbp £ hkd hk$ huf ft idr rp ils ₪ inr ₹ jpy ¥ krw ₩ mad mad mxn mxn
myr rm nok kr nzd $ pen s/ php ₱ pkr ₨ pln zł ron lei rub ₽ sar sar sek kr sgd
sg$ thb ฿ try tl twd nt$ uah ₴ uyu $ vnd ₫ zar r

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.twitter.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucgh_smww9wianyyob5y6tea)

  * [ legal ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * [ privacy policy ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/privacy-policy)
  * [ advertising preferences ](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/?pid=godaddy01&aid=godaddy01&type=godaddy)
  * [ cookies ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

[do not sell my personal
information](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

copyright © 1999 - 2020 godaddy operating company, llc. all rights reserved.
the godaddy word mark is a registered trademark of godaddy operating company,
llc in the us and other countries. the “go” logo is a registered trademark of
godaddy.com, llc in the us.

use of this site is subject to express terms of use. by using this site, you
signify that you agree to be bound by these [universal terms of
service](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/universal-terms-of-service-
agreement).

