message disclaimer

## title

body

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

  * name & protect
  * build & grow
  * godaddy pro
  * more

  * [ **domain names** ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains)
  * [search for domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
  * [transfer domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-transfer)
  * [protect domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/full-domain-privacy-and-protection)
  * [explore domain extensions](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/gtld-domain-names)
  * [auctions for domain names](https://auctions.godaddy.com)
  * [generate domain & business names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-generator)
  * [investing in domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-investing)
  * [find a domain owner (whois)](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)

  * [ **protect & secure** ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
  * [protect against malware & attacks](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-security)
  * [secure your website (ssl certificates)](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/ssl-certificate)
  * [back up your website](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-backup)

[ learn more about domains  ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains) [ learn about
security  ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)

  * [ **websites & stores** ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
  * [website builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/website-builder)
  * [online store builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/online-store)
  * [let us make your website](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/web-design)
  * [all hosting options](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
  * [web hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/web-hosting)
  * [wordpress hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
  * [manage clients & their sites](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

  * [ **connect & grow** ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)
  * [email & microsoft 365](https://www.godaddy.com/email)
  * [second mobile phone number](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
  * [digital marketing suite](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/digital-marketing-suite)
  * [download the godaddy app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
  * [let us grow your brand](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/godaddy-social)
  * [earn money with godaddy](https://www.godaddy.com/become-a-partner)
  * [see our latest deals](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ explore website options  ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites) [ learn to grow
your business  ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)

  * **welcome to godaddy pro**
  * [**exclusively for web designers and developers** , godaddy pro offers an ever-growing set of products, tools, content and support tailored to your unique business needs.](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
[ enter godaddy pro site ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ get help 24/7 ](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

notifications

  * you have no notifications.  
they'll be here when you get 'em.

sign in

quick links

  * **control panel links:**
  * [manage domains](https://dcc.godaddy.com)
  * [manage website builder](http://account.godaddy.com/products?acctid=44)
  * [manage hosting](https://myh.godaddy.com)
  * [manage ssl certificates](https://certs.godaddy.com)
  * [manage email](http://productivity.godaddy.com?marketid=en-us)

  * **inbox links:**
  * [office 365 email login](http://sso.godaddy.com?app=o365&realm=pass&marketid=en-us)
  * [godaddy webmail login](http://email.godaddy.com?target=blank)

registered users

have an account? sign in now.

[sign
in](https://sso.godaddy.com?realm=idp&app=account&path=%2fproducts&marketid=en-
us)

new customer

new to godaddy? create an account to get started today.

[create my
account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account)

[{{displayname}}](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)

**customer #:** {{shopperid}} |  **pin:
**[view](https://account.godaddy.com/security/login-info/edit)

  * [godaddy pro](https://pro.godaddy.com)
  * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
  * [account settings](https://account.godaddy.com)
  * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/billing?filter=expires&subfilter=90)

[visit my account](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
[log out](https://sso.godaddy.com/logout?realm=idp)

[ checkout now ](https://cart.godaddy.com)

godaddy

# civil subpoena policy

**godaddy.com, llc civil subpoena policy**

godaddy's privacy policy prohibits the release of customer or account
information without express permission from the customer, except when required
by law, to conform to the edicts of the law, or to comply with legal process
properly served on godaddy or one of its affiliates.

****submission of subpoenas****

godaddy is headquartered in scottsdale, arizona and all civil subpoenas should
be served at that location or mailed to:

compliance department  
godaddy.com, llc 14455 north hayden road  
scottsdale, arizona  
85260

alternatively, the civil subpoena can be faxed to:

(480) 624-2546  
attn: compliance department

****notice to customer and response time****

upon the receipt of a valid civil subpoena, godaddy will promptly notify the
customer whose information is sought via e-mail or u.s. mail. if the
circumstances do not amount to an emergency, godaddy will not immediately
produce the customer information sought by the subpoena and will provide the
customer an opportunity to move to quash the subpoena in court. godaddy
reserves the right to charge an administration fee to the customer by charging
the payment method the customer has on file with godaddy.

****fees for subpoena compliance****

godaddy will charge the person or entity submitting the civil subpoena for
costs associated with subpoena compliance. payment must be made within thirty
(30) days from the date of receipt of the godaddy invoice. checks should be
made out to godaddy

godaddy's subpoena compliance costs are as follows:

  * research - $75.00/hour
  * federal express - cost as billed
  * copies - $.25/page

****treatment of confidential information****

documents and information produced by godaddy in response to a subpoena may
contain confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and/or private information
that warrants special protection from public disclosure. any such documents
will be designated “confidential” by a stamp affixed to the documents at
issue, and must be given confidential treatment by all persons and entities
that access them. confidential treatment includes the following:

**first, access to confidential documents must be limited to the parties in
the underlying action pursuant to which the subpoena was served, their agents,
and the court and its personnel.** documents designated as confidential may be
used during the deposition of a witness in the underlying action to whom
disclosure is reasonably necessary, provided that any deposition testimony
related to confidential documents or portions thereof is designated
“confidential” and afforded treatment in the manner required by this
provision.

**second, confidential documents must not be filed in the public record absent
a reasonable attempt to ensure the filing of such documents, and any
references thereto, under seal**. a party that seeks to file any motion,
brief, or other document that attaches or refers to any confidential document
or portion thereof must take the steps necessary to request a court order
sealing the confidential information at issue. if the court denies a motion to
seal made pursuant to this subpoena policy, the party may file the document(s)
at issue normally, unless otherwise instructed by the court.

**third, confidential documents produced in response to a subpoena may not be
used for any purpose other than prosecuting or defending the action in which
the subpoena is served, and must be destroyed within sixty (60) days after the
final disposition of the underlying action**. the person or entity that
submits the subpoena is responsible for ensuring that each person or entity to
whom any confidential documents were made available complies with this
requirement.

****policies regarding e-mail****

godaddy will not produce the content of e-mail, as the electronic
communications privacy act, 18 u.s.c. §2701 et seq., prohibits an electronic
communications service provider from producing the contents of electronic
communications, even pursuant to subpoena or court order, except in limited
circumstances. godaddy's e-mail servers do not retain deleted or sent e-mail.

godaddy reserves the right to request a copy of the complaint and any
supporting documentation that demonstrates how the godaddy e-mail address is
related to the pending litigation and the underlying subpoena.

ok

[

we love taking your call.

](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

sign up for news and special offers

sign up

  * about godaddy 

    * [about us](https://aboutus.godaddy.net/about-us/overview/default.aspx)
    * [newsroom](https://newsroom.godaddy.net/newsroom/overview/default.aspx)
    * [investor relations](https://investors.godaddy.net)
    * [careers](https://careers.godaddy.com)
    * [corporate responsibility](https://www.godaddy.com/godaddy-for-good)
    * [trust center](https://www.godaddy.com/trust-center)
    * [legal](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * help center 

    * [help center](https://www.godaddy.com/help)
    * [community](https://www.godaddy.com/community)
    * [godaddy blog](https://www.godaddy.com/garage)
    * [contact us](https://www.godaddy.com/help/contact-us)
    * [report abuse](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/abusereport)
  * resources 

    * [webmail](https://email.godaddy.com?_target=blank)
    * [whois](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)
    * [godaddy mobile app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
    * [icann confirmation](https://dcc.godaddy.com/icann/confirmation?marketid=en-us)
    * [designers & developers](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
    * [corporate domains](https://www.godaddy.com/corporate-domains)
    * [redeem code](https://www.godaddy.com/redemption)
    * [product catalog](https://www.godaddy.com/catalog)
    * [site map](https://www.godaddy.com/site-map)
    * [videos](https://videos.godaddy.com)
  * partner programs 

    * [affiliates](https://www.godaddy.com/affiliate-programs)
    * [reseller programs](https://www.godaddy.com/reseller-program)
    * [godaddy pro](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
  * account 

    * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
    * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/subscriptions)
    * [create account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account&marketid=en-us)
  * shopping 

    * [domains](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
    * [websites](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
    * [wordpress](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
    * [hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
    * [web security](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
    * [email & office](https://www.godaddy.com/email/professional-business-email)
    * [phone numbers](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
    * [promos](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

* * *

united states - english

choose your country/region

  * [**argentina** \- español](https://ar.godaddy.com)
  * [**australia** \- english](https://au.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgi e ** \- nederlands](https://be.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgique** \- français](https://be.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**brasil** \- portugues](https://www.godaddy.com/pt-br)
  * [**canada** \- english](https://ca.godaddy.com)
  * [**canada** \- français](https://ca.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**chile** \- español](https://cl.godaddy.com)
  * [**colombia** \- español](https://co.godaddy.com)
  * [**danmark** \- dansk](https://dk.godaddy.com)
  * [**deutschland** \- deutsch](https://de.godaddy.com)
  * [**espa ña ** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es-es)
  * [**estados unidos** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es)
  * [**france** \- français](https://www.godaddy.com/fr-fr)
  * [**hong kong** \- english](https://hk.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**india** \- english](https://in.godaddy.com)
  * [**india** \- हिंदी](https://in.godaddy.com/hi)
  * [**indonesia** \- bahasa indonesia](https://id.godaddy.com)
  * [**ireland** \- english](https://ie.godaddy.com)
  * [**israel** \- english](https://il.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**italia** \- italiano](https://it.godaddy.com)
  * [**malaysia** \- english](https://my.godaddy.com)
  * [**m exico ** \- español](https://mx.godaddy.com)
  * [**nederland** \- nederlands](https://nl.godaddy.com)
  * [**new zealand** \- english](https://nz.godaddy.com)
  * [**norge** \- bokmal](https://no.godaddy.com)
  * [**ö sterreich ** \- deutsch](https://at.godaddy.com)
  * [**pakistan** \- english](https://pk.godaddy.com)
  * [**per u ** \- español](https://pe.godaddy.com)
  * [**philippines** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com/en-ph)
  * [**polska** \- polski](https://pl.godaddy.com)
  * [**portugal** \- portugues](https://pt.godaddy.com)
  * [**schweiz** \- deutsch](https://ch.godaddy.com)
  * [**singapore** \- english](https://sg.godaddy.com)
  * [**south africa** \- english](https://za.godaddy.com)
  * [**suisse** \- français](https://ch.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**suomi** \- suomi](https://fi.godaddy.com)
  * [**sverige** \- svenska](https://se.godaddy.com)
  * [**svizzera** \- italiano](https://ch.godaddy.com/it)
  * [**t urkiye ** \- turkçe](https://tr.godaddy.com)
  * [**united arab emirates** \- english](https://ae.godaddy.com)
  * [**united kingdom** \- english](https://uk.godaddy.com)
  * [**united states** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com)
  * [**venezuela** \- español](https://ve.godaddy.com)
  * [**vi ệt nam ** \- tiếng việt](https://vn.godaddy.com)
  * [**ε λλάδα ** \- ελληνικά](https://gr.godaddy.com)
  * [**р оссия ** \- русский](https://ru.godaddy.com)
  * [**у країна ** \- українська](https://ua.godaddy.com)
  * [**ا لإمارات العربية المتحدة ** \- اللغة العربية](https://ae.godaddy.com/ar)
  * [**ไ ทย ** \- ไทย](https://th.godaddy.com)
  * [**대 한민국 ** \- 한국어](https://kr.godaddy.com)
  * [**台灣** \- 繁體中文](https://tw.godaddy.com)
  * [**新加坡** \- 简体中文](https://sg.godaddy.com/zh)
  * [**日本** \- 日本語](https://jp.godaddy.com)
  * [**香港** \- 繁體中文](https://hk.godaddy.com)

usd

usd $

aed aed ars $ aud $ brl r$ cad c$ chf chf  clp $ cny ¥ cop $ czk kč dkk kr egp
egp eur € gbp £ hkd hk$ huf ft idr rp ils ₪ inr ₹ jpy ¥ krw ₩ mad mad mxn mxn
myr rm nok kr nzd $ pen s/ php ₱ pkr ₨ pln zł ron lei rub ₽ sar sar sek kr sgd
sg$ thb ฿ try tl twd nt$ uah ₴ uyu $ vnd ₫ zar r

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.twitter.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucgh_smww9wianyyob5y6tea)

  * [ legal ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * [ privacy policy ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/privacy-policy)
  * [ advertising preferences ](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/?pid=godaddy01&aid=godaddy01&type=godaddy)
  * [ cookies ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

[do not sell my personal
information](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

copyright © 1999 - 2020 godaddy operating company, llc. all rights reserved.
the godaddy word mark is a registered trademark of godaddy operating company,
llc in the us and other countries. the “go” logo is a registered trademark of
godaddy.com, llc in the us.

use of this site is subject to express terms of use. by using this site, you
signify that you agree to be bound by these [universal terms of
service](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/universal-terms-of-service-
agreement).

