message disclaimer

## title

body

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

  * name & protect
  * build & grow
  * godaddy pro
  * more

  * [ **domain names** ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains)
  * [search for domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
  * [transfer domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-transfer)
  * [protect domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/full-domain-privacy-and-protection)
  * [explore domain extensions](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/gtld-domain-names)
  * [auctions for domain names](https://auctions.godaddy.com)
  * [generate domain & business names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-generator)
  * [investing in domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-investing)
  * [find a domain owner (whois)](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)

  * [ **protect & secure** ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
  * [protect against malware & attacks](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-security)
  * [secure your website (ssl certificates)](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/ssl-certificate)
  * [back up your website](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-backup)

[ learn more about domains  ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains) [ learn about
security  ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)

  * [ **websites & stores** ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
  * [website builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/website-builder)
  * [online store builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/online-store)
  * [let us make your website](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/web-design)
  * [all hosting options](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
  * [web hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/web-hosting)
  * [wordpress hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
  * [manage clients & their sites](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

  * [ **connect & grow** ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)
  * [email & microsoft 365](https://www.godaddy.com/email)
  * [second mobile phone number](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
  * [digital marketing suite](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/digital-marketing-suite)
  * [download the godaddy app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
  * [let us grow your brand](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/godaddy-social)
  * [earn money with godaddy](https://www.godaddy.com/become-a-partner)
  * [see our latest deals](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ explore website options  ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites) [ learn to grow
your business  ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)

  * **welcome to godaddy pro**
  * [**exclusively for web designers and developers** , godaddy pro offers an ever-growing set of products, tools, content and support tailored to your unique business needs.](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
[ enter godaddy pro site ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ free 24/7 support ](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

notifications

  * you have no notifications.  
they'll be here when you get 'em.

sign in

quick links

  * **control panel links:**
  * [manage domains](https://dcc.godaddy.com)
  * [manage website builder](http://account.godaddy.com/products?acctid=44)
  * [manage hosting](https://myh.godaddy.com)
  * [manage ssl certificates](https://certs.godaddy.com)
  * [manage email](http://productivity.godaddy.com?marketid=en-us)

  * **inbox links:**
  * [office 365 email login](http://sso.godaddy.com?app=o365&realm=pass&marketid=en-us)
  * [godaddy webmail login](http://email.godaddy.com?target=blank)

registered users

have an account? sign in now.

[sign
in](https://sso.godaddy.com?realm=idp&app=account&path=%2fproducts&marketid=en-
us)

new customer

new to godaddy? create an account to get started today.

[create my
account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account)

[{{displayname}}](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)

**customer #:** {{shopperid}} |  **pin:
**[view](https://account.godaddy.com/security/login-info/edit)

  * [godaddy pro](https://pro.godaddy.com)
  * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
  * [account settings](https://account.godaddy.com)
  * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/billing?filter=expires&subfilter=90)

[visit my account](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
[log out](https://sso.godaddy.com/logout?realm=idp)

[ checkout now ](https://cart.godaddy.com)

# godaddy legal agreements and policies

this page contains links to current corporate policies as well as agreements
for the products and services available through godaddy. to view any of the
documents presented on this page, click on the policy/agreement.

godaddy  

# universal terms of service agreement

**last revised: 2/9/2021**  
  
 **please read this universal terms of service agreement carefully, as it
contains important information regarding your legal rights and remedies.**

**  
1. **overview****

this universal terms of service agreement (this “ _agreement_ ”) is entered
into by and between godaddy.com, llc, a delaware limited liability company ("
_godaddy_ ") and you, and is made effective as of the date of your use of this
website ("site") or the date of electronic acceptance. this agreement sets
forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the site and the
products and services purchased or accessed through this site (individually
and collectively, the “ _services_ ”). services agreements and additional
policies apply to certain services and are in addition to (not in lieu of)
this agreement. in the event of a conflict between the provisions of a
services agreement and the provisions of this agreement, the provisions of the
applicable services agreement shall control.

the terms “we”, “us” or “our” shall refer to godaddy. the terms “you”, “your”,
“user” or “customer” shall refer to any individual or entity who accepts this
agreement, has access to your account or uses the services. nothing in this
agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.

**  
2. **modification of agreement, site or services** **

godaddy may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change or modify this
agreement, and any policies or agreements which are incorporated herein, at
any time, and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately
upon posting to this site. your use of this site or the services after such
changes or modifications have been made shall constitute your acceptance of
this agreement as last revised. if you do not agree to be bound by this
agreement as last revised, do not use (or continue to use) this site or the
services. in addition, godaddy may occasionally notify you of changes or
modifications to this agreement by email. it is therefore very important that
you keep your shopper account (“ _account_ ”) information current. godaddy
assumes no liability or responsibility for your failure to receive an email
notification if such failure results from an inaccurate email address. in
addition, godaddy may terminate your use of services for any violation or
breach of any of the terms of this agreement by you. godaddy reserves the
right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of this site or the
services, including without limitation prices and fees for the same, at any
time.

**  
3. **eligibility; authority****

this site and the services are available only to individuals or entities
(“users”) who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. by
using this site or the services, you represent and warrant that you are (i) at
least eighteen (18) years of age, (ii) otherwise recognized as being able to
form legally binding contracts under applicable law, or (iii) are not a person
barred from purchasing or receiving the services found under the laws of the
united states or other applicable jurisdiction.

if you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a corporate entity, you
represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to bind such corporate
entity to the terms and conditions contained in this agreement, in which case
the terms "you", "your", "user" or "customer" shall refer to such corporate
entity. if, after your electronic acceptance of this agreement, godaddy finds
that you do not have the legal authority to bind such corporate entity, you
will be personally responsible for the obligations contained in this
agreement, including, but not limited to, the payment obligations. godaddy
shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from godaddy’s reliance
on any instruction, notice, document or communication reasonably believed by
godaddy to be genuine and originating from an authorized representative of
your corporate entity. if there is reasonable doubt about the authenticity of
any such instruction, notice, document or communication, godaddy reserves the
right (but undertakes no duty) to require additional authentication from you.
you further agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement for transactions
entered into by you, anyone acting as your agent and anyone who uses your
account or the services, whether or not authorized by you.

**  
4. **your account****

  
in order to access some of the features of this site or use some of the
services, you will have to create an account. you represent and warrant to
godaddy that all information you submit when you create your account is
accurate, current and complete, and that you will keep your account
information accurate, current and complete. if godaddy has reason to believe
that your account information is untrue, inaccurate, out-of-date or
incomplete, godaddy reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion,
to suspend or terminate your account. you are solely responsible for the
activity that occurs on your account, whether authorized by you or not, and
you must keep your account information secure, including without limitation
your customer number/login, password, payment method(s) (as defined below),
and shopper pin. for security purposes, godaddy recommends that you change
your password and shopper pin at least once every six (6) months for each
account. you must notify godaddy immediately of any breach of security or
unauthorized use of your account. godaddy will not be liable for any loss you
incur due to any unauthorized use of your account. you, however, may be liable
for any loss godaddy or others incur caused by your account, whether caused by
you, or by an authorized person, or by an unauthorized person.

**  
5. **general rules of conduct** **

you acknowledge and agree that:  

  1. your use of this site and the services , including any content you submit, will comply with this agreement, any applicable services agreement or policy that may apply to your services and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.
  2. you will not collect or harvest (or permit anyone else to collect or harvest) any user content (as defined below) or any non-public or personally identifiable information about another user or any other person or entity without their express prior written consent.
  3. you will not use this site or the services in a manner (as determined by godaddy in its sole and absolute discretion) that: 
    * is illegal, or promotes or encourages illegal activity;
    * promotes, encourages or engages in the exploitation of children, or any activity related to the proliferation of child sexual abuse material (csam);
    * promotes, encourages or engages in terrorism, violence against people, animals, or property;
    * promotes, encourages or engages in any spam or other unsolicited bulk email, or computer or network hacking or cracking;
    * violates the ryan haight online pharmacy consumer protection act of 2008 or similar legislation, or promotes, encourages or engages in the sale or distribution of prescription medication without a valid prescription;
    * violates the fight online sex trafficking act of 2017 or similar legislation, or promotes or facilitates prostitution and/or sex trafficking;
    * infringes on the intellectual property rights of another user or any other person or entity;
    * violates the privacy or publicity rights of another user or any other person or entity, or breaches any duty of confidentiality that you owe to another user or any other person or entity;
    * interferes with the operation of this site or the services found at this site;
    * contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, trojan horses or other code, files or programs designed to, or capable of, disrupting, damaging or limiting the functionality of any software or hardware; or
    * contains false or deceptive language, or unsubstantiated or comparative claims, regarding godaddy or godaddy’s services.
    * you will not perform any false, abusive or fraudulent activity. you will not perform any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
  4. you will not copy or distribute in any medium any part of this site or the services , except where expressly authorized by godaddy.
  5. you will not modify or alter any part of this site or the services found at this site or any of its related technologies. 
  6. you will not access godaddy content (as defined below) or user content through any technology or means other than through this site itself, or as godaddy may designate.
  7. you agree to back-up all of your user content so that you can access and use it when needed. godaddy does not warrant that it backs-up any account or user content, and you agree to accept as a risk the loss of any and all of your user content.
  8. you will not re-sell or provide the services for a commercial purpose, including any of godaddy's related technologies, without godaddy's express prior written consent.
  9. you will not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with the security-related features of this site or the services found at this site (including without limitation those features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any godaddy content or user content) or enforce limitations on the use of this site or the services found at this site, the godaddy content or the user content therein.
  10. you agree to provide government-issued photo identification and/or government-issued business identification as required for verification of identity when requested.
  11. you are aware that godaddy may from time-to-time call you about your account, and that, for the purposes of any and all such call(s), you may be subject to call recording and hereby consent to the same, subject to any applicable laws and our restrictions and obligations thereunder, including, where permissible, to record the entirety of such calls regardless of whether godaddy asks you on any particular call for consent to record such call. you further acknowledge and agree that, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any such recording(s) may be submitted as evidence in any legal proceeding in which godaddy is a party. further, by providing your telephone or mobile number, you consent to receive marketing telephone calls from or on behalf of godaddy that may be initiated by an automatic telephone dialing system and/or use an artificial or prerecorded voice. you understand that providing consent is not a condition of purchasing any good or service from godaddy. similarly, by providing your mobile number, you consent to receive marketing text messages from or on behalf of godaddy that may be sent by an automatic telephone dialing system. you understand that providing consent is not a condition of purchasing any good or service from godaddy. message and data rates may apply.
  12. without limiting any of the rights set forth elsewhere in this agreement, godaddy expressly reserves the right to deny, cancel, terminate, suspend, or limit future access to this site or any services (including but not limited to the right to cancel or transfer any domain name registration) to any user (i) whose account or services were previously terminated or suspended, whether due to breach of this or any other agreement or any godaddy policy, or (ii) who otherwise engages or has engaged in inappropriate or unlawful activity while utilizing the site or services (as determined by godaddy in its sole and absolute discretion).
  13. if your purchase or account activity shows signs of fraud, abuse or suspicious activity, godaddy may cancel any service associated your name, email address or account and close any associated godaddy accounts. if you conducted any fraudulent activity, godaddy reserves the right to take any necessary legal action and you may be liable for monetary losses to godaddy including litigation costs and damages. to contest cancellation of services or freezing or closure of an account, please contact godaddy care.

**  
**6\. protection of your data****

godaddy offers certain hosted services available to you that may involve the
submission, collection and/or use of personally identifying or identifiable
information about you and your own customers (“your data”) in the course of
your use of these services (“covered services”). your data, for the purpose of
this section, excludes any user content. godaddy’s [data processing
addendum](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/data-processing-addendum )
(“dpa”), which is hereby incorporated by reference and applicable to covered
services, is meant to provide you contractual assurance that we have robust
mechanisms to ensure the transfer of your data, including transfers of your
data from the eea to the covered services, meets with compliance under
applicable data privacy laws.  
  
for the purposes of the dpa and the standard contractual clauses attached to
the dpa (when and as applicable), you (and your applicable affiliates) are
considered the data controller/data exporter, and your acceptance of the terms
of service governing covered services at the time of purchase of any covered
services will also be treated as your acknowledgement and acceptance of the
dpa and its appendices (including the standard contractual clauses and its
appendices, as applicable). if you wish to print, sign and return a physical
copy of the dpa, please send an email request to privacy@godaddy.com.

covered services, as defined in this section and in the dpa, include hosted
services that are subject to the terms and conditions of the following
agreements: (1) [email marketing
services](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/email-marketing-services),
(2) [website services](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/websites-
marketing-agreement), (3)
[hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/hosting-agreement), (4)
[online bookkeeping](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/godaddy-online-
bookkeeping-service-agreement), (5) [online store/quick shopping
cart](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/online-store-qsc-agreement),
(6) [smartline](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/smartline-agreement),
and (7) [workspace
service](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/workspace-service-
agreement).

**  
**7\. user content****

some of the features of this site or the services, including those services
that are hosted with godaddy, may allow users to view, post, publish, share,
store, or manage (a) ideas, opinions, recommendations, or advice via forum
posts, content submitted in connection with a contest, product reviews or
recommendations, or photos to be incorporated into a social media event or
activity (“ _user submissions_ ”), or (b) literary, artistic, musical, or
other content, including but not limited to photos and videos (together with
user submissions, “ _user content_ ”). all content submitted through your
account is consider user content. by posting or publishing user content to
this site or to or via the services, you represent and warrant to godaddy that
(i) you have all necessary rights to distribute user content via this site or
via the services, either because you are the author of the user content and
have the right to distribute the same, or because you have the appropriate
distribution rights, licenses, consents, and/or permissions to use, in
writing, from the copyright or other owner of the user content, and (ii) the
user content does not violate the rights of any third party. you shall be
solely responsible for any and all of your user content or user content that
is submitted through your account, and the consequences of, and requirements
for, distributing it.

__user submissions.__ you acknowledge and agree that your user submissions are
entirely voluntary, do not establish a confidential relationship or obligate
godaddy to treat your user submissions as confidential or secret, that godaddy
has no obligation, either express or implied, to develop or use your user
submissions, and no compensation is due to you or to anyone else for any
intentional or unintentional use of your user submissions, and that godaddy
may be working on the same or similar content, it may already know of such
content from other sources, it may simply wish to develop this (or similar)
content on its own, or it may have taken / will take some other action.  
  
godaddy shall own exclusive rights (including all intellectual property and
other proprietary rights) to any user submissions posted to this site, and
shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of any user
submissions posted to this site for any purpose, commercial or otherwise,
without acknowledgment or compensation to you or to anyone else.

__user content other than user submissions.__ by posting or publishing user
content to this site or through the services, you authorize godaddy to use the
intellectual property and other proprietary rights in and to your user content
to enable inclusion and use of the user content in the manner contemplated by
this site and this agreement. you hereby grant godaddy a worldwide, non-
exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers), and
transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works
of, combine with other works, display, and perform your user content in
connection with this site, the services and godaddy's (and godaddy’s
affiliates’) business(es), including without limitation for promoting and
redistributing all or part of this site in any media formats and through any
media channels without restrictions of any kind and without payment or other
consideration of any kind, or permission or notification, to you or any third
party. you also hereby grant each user of this site a non-exclusive license to
access your user content (with the exception of user content that you
designate “private” or “password protected”) through this site, and to use,
reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, combine with other works,
display, and perform your user content as permitted through the functionality
of this site and under this agreement. the above licenses granted by you in
your user content terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you
remove or delete your user content from this site. you understand and agree,
however, that godaddy may retain (but not distribute, display, or perform)
server copies of your user content that have been removed or deleted. the
above licenses granted by you in your user content are perpetual and
irrevocable. notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
godaddy shall not use any user content that has been designated “private” or
“password protected” by you for the purpose of promoting this site or
godaddy’s (or godaddy’s affiliates’) business(es). if you have a website or
other content hosted by godaddy, you shall retain all of your ownership or
licensed rights in user content.

**  
**8\. availability of website/services** **

  
subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement and our other policies
and procedures, we shall use commercially reasonable efforts to attempt to
provide this site and the services on a twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven
(7) days a week basis. you acknowledge and agree that from time to time this
site may be inaccessible or inoperable for any reason including, but not
limited to, equipment malfunctions; periodic maintenance, repairs or
replacements that we undertake from time to time; or causes beyond our
reasonable control or that are not reasonably foreseeable including, but not
limited to, interruption or failure of telecommunication or digital
transmission links, hostile network attacks, network congestion or other
failures. you acknowledge and agree that we have no control over the
availability of this site or the service on a continuous or uninterrupted
basis, and that we assume no liability to you or any other party with regard
thereto.

**  
**9\. product credits** **

in the event you are provided with a product credit (“credit”), whether for
redemption of the purchase of a specific product or for free with the purchase
of another product (“purchased product”), you acknowledge and agree that such
credit is only valid for one (1) year and is only available with a valid
purchase and may be terminated in the event the product purchased is deleted,
cancelled, transferred or not renewed. the credit will expire one (1) year
from date of purchase of the purchased product if the credit has not been
redeemed. in the event that the credit is redeemed, after the initial
subscription period, the product will automatically renew at the then-current
renewal price until cancelled. if you wish to cancel the automatic renewal of
the product, you may do so by visiting your account or by contacting customer
service. in the event your purchased product includes a free domain name, if
you cancel the purchased product, the list price for the domain name will be
deducted from the refund amount. the list price is the price of the domain
name listed on godaddy's website and is not subject to any promotion,
discount, or other reduction in price. for credits issues for free with
another purchased product, you acknowledge and agree that we may swap your
credit for a similar product, in our sole discretion.

**  
**10\. monitoring of content; account termination policy** **

  
godaddy generally does not pre-screen user content (whether posted to a
website hosted by godaddy or posted to this site). however, godaddy reserves
the right (but undertakes no duty) to do so and decide whether any item of
user content is appropriate and/or complies with this agreement. godaddy may
remove any item of user content (whether posted to a website hosted by godaddy
or posted to this site) and/or terminate a user’s access to this site or the
services found at this site for posting or publishing any material in
violation of this agreement, or for otherwise violating this agreement (as
determined by godaddy in its sole and absolute discretion), at any time and
without prior notice. godaddy may also terminate a user’s access to this site
or the services found at this site if godaddy has reason to believe the user
is a repeat offender. if godaddy terminates your access to this site or the
services found at this site, godaddy may, in its sole and absolute discretion,
remove and destroy any data and files stored by you on its servers.

**  
**11\. discontinued services; end of life policy****

godaddy reserves the right to cease offering or providing any of the (i)
services or (ii) individual features, functionalities, or aspects of the
services at any time, for any or no reason, and without prior notice. although
godaddy makes great effort to maximize the lifespan of all its services and
features, functionalities, or aspects of the services, there are times when a
service or specific feature, functionality, or aspect of a service that we
offer will be discontinued or reach its end-of-life ("eol"). if that is the
case, those services, or the specific feature, functionality, or aspect of
that service, will no longer be supported by godaddy, in any way, effective on
the eol date.  
  
__notice and migration.__ in the event that any service we offer has reached
or will reach eol, we will attempt to notify you thirty or more days in
advance of the eol date. it is your responsibility to take all necessary steps
to replace the service by migrating to a new service before the eol date, or
by entirely ceasing reliance on said service before the eol date. in either
case, godaddy will either offer a comparable service for you to migrate to for
the remainder of the term of your purchase, a prorated in-store credit, or a
prorated refund, to be determined by godaddy in its sole and absolute
discretion. godaddy may, with or without notice to you, migrate you to the
most up-to-date version of the service, if available. you agree to take full
responsibility for any and all loss or damage arising from any such migration.
in the event that a feature, functionality, or aspect of any service we offer
has reached or will reach eol, then we will attempt to notify you thirty or
more days in advance of the eol date. however, if the service maintains a
least reasonably equivalent functionality without such feature, functionality,
or aspect, as determined by godaddy in its sole and absolute discretion,
godaddy will not be required to offer a comparable feature or functionality
for the service or a refund.

__no liability.__ godaddy will not be liable to you or any third party for any
modification, suspension, or discontinuance of any of the services we may
offer or facilitate access to.

****12\. beta services** **

from time to time, godaddy may offer new services (limited preview services or
new features to existing services) in a pre-release version. new services, new
features to existing services or limited preview services shall be known,
individually and collectively, as “beta services”. if you elect to use any
beta services, then your use of the beta services is subject to the following
terms and conditions: (i) you acknowledge and agree that the beta services are
pre-release versions and may not work properly; (ii) you acknowledge and agree
that your use of the beta services may expose you to unusual risks of
operational failures; (iii) the beta services are provided as-is, so we do not
recommend using them in production or mission critical environments; (iv)
godaddy reserves the right to modify, change, or discontinue any aspect of the
beta services at any time; (v) commercially released versions of the beta
services may change substantially, and programs that use or run with the beta
services may not work with the commercially released versions or subsequent
releases; (vi) godaddy may limit availability of customer service support time
dedicated to support of the beta services; (vii) you acknowledge and agree to
provide prompt feedback regarding your experience with the beta services in a
form reasonably requested by us, including information necessary to enable us
to duplicate errors or problems you experience; (viii) you acknowledge and
agree that godaddy may track your browsing behavior, links clicked, items
purchased, your device type, and to collect various data, including analytics,
about how you use and interact with our beta services; (ix) you acknowledge
and agree that all information regarding your use of the beta services,
including your experience with and opinions regarding the beta services, is
confidential, and may not be disclosed to a third party or used for any
purpose other than providing feedback to godaddy; (x) the beta services are
provided “as is”, “as available”, and “with all faults”.

you acknowledge and agree that we may use your feedback for any purpose,
including product development purposes. at our request you will provide us
with comments that we may use publicly for press materials and marketing
collateral. any intellectual property inherent in your feedback or arising
from your use of the beta services shall be owned exclusively by godaddy. to
the fullest extent permitted by law, godaddy disclaims any and all warranties,
statutory, express or implied, with respect to the beta services including,
but not limited to, any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose and non-infringement.

**  
**13\. fees and payments** **

you agree that your payment method may be charged by one of our affiliated
entities. if, during your purchase, your payment was identified as being
processed in the united states, your transaction will be processed by
godaddy.com, llc; if your payment was identified as being processed in canada,
your transaction will be processed by godaddy domains canada, inc.; if your
payment was identified as being processed in the united kingdom, your
transaction will be processed by godaddy europe, ltd.; if your payment was
identified as being processed in india, your transaction will be processed by
godaddy india domains and hosting services india pvt ltd. if, during your
purchase, your payment was identified as being processed in a country that is
not listed above, your transaction may be processed by an entity within the
disclosed country that is affiliated with our local payment service provider,
and subject to the provisions of our privacy policy.

**_(a) general terms, including automatic renewal terms_**

__payment due at time of order; non-refundable.__ you agree to pay all amounts
due for services at the time you order them. all amounts are non-refundable
unless otherwise noted in the [refund
policy](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/refund-policy).

__price changes.__ godaddy reserves the right to change its prices and fees at
any time, and such changes shall be posted online at this site and effective
immediately without need for further notice to you. if you have purchased or
obtained services for a period of months or years, changes in prices and fees
shall be effective when the services in question come up for renewal as
further described below.

__payment types.__ except as prohibited in any product-specific agreement, you
may pay for services by using any of the following “payment methods”: (i)
valid credit card, (ii) “good as gold prepaid services” (defined below); (iii)
electronic payment from your personal or business checking account, as
appropriate (and as defined below); (iv) paypal, (v) international payment
option (as defined below) or (vi) via in-store credit balances, if applicable
(and as defined below), each a “payment method”. the “express checkout”
feature automatically places an order for the applicable service and charges
the default express checkout payment method for your account. confirmation of
that order will be sent to the email address on file for your account. your
payment method on file must be kept valid if you have any active services in
your account. in addition, you agree that the location for the processing of
your payments may change for any reason, including the type of payment method
chosen, the currency selected, or changes or updates made to your payment
method.

__refunds issued.__ you agree that where refunds are issued to your payment
method, godaddy's issuance of a refund receipt is only confirmation that
godaddy has submitted your refund to the payment method charged at the time of
the original sale, and that godaddy has no control over when the refund will
be applied towards your payment method’s available balance. you further
acknowledge and agree that the payment provider and/or individual issuing bank
associated with your payment method establish and regulate the time frames for
posting your refund, and that such refund posting time frames may range from
five (5) business days to a full billing cycle, or longer.

in the event a refund is issued to your payment method and the payment
provider, payment processor or individual issuing bank associated with your
payment method imposes any limitations on refunds, including but not limited
to, limitations as to the timing of the refund or the number of refunds
allowed, then godaddy, in its sole and absolute discretion, reserves the right
to issue the refund either (i) in the form of an in-store credit; (ii) via
issuance of a godaddy check, which will be sent to the mailing address on file
for your account; or (iii) in some jurisdictions, as a bank transfer, when the
payment processor cannot refund back to the payment method. godaddy also has
the right to offer an in-store credit for customers seeking refunds, even if
there are no limitations on refunds imposed by the payment method.

__monthly billing date.__ if you are being billed on a monthly basis, your
monthly billing date will be based on the date of the month you purchased the
services, unless that date falls after the 28th of the month, in which case
your billing date will be the 28th of each month.

__auto-renewal terms.__ other than as required by applicable law, godaddy does
not retain hard copies or electronic versions of mandate, standing order or
standing instruction forms and/or any signed consents relating to your usage
of our automatic renewal services, and we are therefore unable to provide any
such document upon request. you may view or change your automatic renewal
settings at any time by logging into your godaddy account.

**in order to ensure that you do not experience an interruption or loss of
services, all services are offered on automatic renewal. except for reasons
described below in this section, automatic renewal automatically renews the
applicable service upon expiration of the then current term for a renewal
period equal in time to the most recent service period (except for domain
names which may renew for the original service period). for example, if your
last service period is for one year, your renewal period will typically be for
one year. however, in the event renewal with the payment method on file fails,
godaddy may attempt to renew the applicable service for a period less than the
original subscription period to the extent necessary for the transaction to
succeed.**

**unless you disable the automatic renewal option, godaddy will automatically
renew the applicable service when it comes up for renewal and will take
payment from the payment method associated with the service(s) in your account
or your designated backup payment method(s) on file with godaddy. in
automatically renewing your services, godaddy will first attempt to charge the
payment method associated with the service(s) in your account. in the event
godaddy cannot successfully charge this payment method, we will attempt to
charge the payment method(s) designated as "backup" in your account. renewals
will be charged at godaddy’s then current rates, which you acknowledge and
agree may be higher or lower than the rates for the original service period.
in order to see the renewal settings applicable to you and your services,
simply log into your account manager from this site and follow the steps found
[here](https://www.godaddy.com/help/manually-renew-my-products-or-
services-725). if you do not wish for any service to automatically renew, you
may elect to cancel renewal, in which case, your services will terminate upon
expiration of the then current term, unless you manually renew your services
prior to that date. in other words, should you elect to cancel your product
and fail to manually renew your services before they expire, you may
experience an interruption or loss of services, and godaddy shall not be
liable to you or any third party regarding the same.**

**in addition, godaddy may participate in “recurring billing programs” or
“account updater services” supported by your credit card provider (and
ultimately dependent on your bank’s participation). if we are unable to
successfully charge your existing payment method, your credit card provider
(or your bank) may notify us of updates to your credit card number and/or
expiration date, or they may automatically charge your new credit card on our
behalf without notification to us. in accordance with recurring billing
program requirements, in the event that we are notified of an update to your
credit card number and/or expiration date, godaddy will automatically update
your payment profile on your behalf. godaddy makes no guarantees that we will
request or receive updated credit card information. you acknowledge and agree
that it is your sole responsibility to modify and maintain your account
settings, including but not limited to (i) cancelling products and (ii)
ensuring your associated payment method(s) are current and valid. further, you
acknowledge and agree that your failure to do so, may result in the
interruption or loss of services, and godaddy shall not be liable to you or
any third party regarding the same.**

if for any reason godaddy is unable to charge your payment method for the full
amount owed, or if godaddy receives notification of a chargeback, reversal,
payment dispute, or is charged a penalty for any fee it previously charged to
your payment method, you agree that godaddy may pursue all available lawful
remedies in order to obtain payment, including but not limited to, immediate
cancellation, without notice to you, of any domain names or services
registered or renewed on your behalf. godaddy also reserves the right to
charge you reasonable “administrative” fees" for (i) tasks godaddy may perform
outside the normal scope of its services, (ii) additional time and/or costs
godaddy may incur in providing its services, and/or (iii) your noncompliance
with this agreement (as determined by godaddy in its sole and absolute
discretion). typical administrative or processing fee scenarios include, but
are not limited to (i) customer service issues that require additional
personal time or attention; (ii) udrp actions(s) in connection with your
domain name(s) and/or disputes that require accounting or legal services,
whether performed by godaddy staff or by outside firms retained by godaddy;
(iii) recouping any and all costs and fees, including the cost of services,
incurred by godaddy as the results of chargebacks or other payment disputes
brought by you, your bank or payment method processor. these administrative
fees or processing fees will be billed to the payment method you have on file
with godaddy.

godaddy may offer product-level pricing in various currencies. the transaction
will be processed in the selected currency and the pricing displayed during
the checkout process will be the actual amount submitted for payment. for
certain payment methods, the issuer of your payment method may charge you a
foreign transaction fee or other charge, which may be added to the final
amount that appears on your bank statement or post as a separate amount.
please check with the issuer of your payment method for details. in addition,
regardless of the selected currency, you acknowledge and agree that you may be
charged value added tax (" _vat_ "), goods and services tax (" _gst_ "), or
other localized fees and/or taxes, based on your bank and/or the country
indicated in your billing address section.

**_(b) refund policy_**

products and services available for refunds are described
[here](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/refund-policy) (“ _refund
policy_ ”).

**_(c) good as gold prepaid services_**

service details. by using good as gold prepaid services, you may transfer
funds to godaddy to fund your good as gold prepaid services account (“ _good
as gold account_ ”). you may then use your good as gold account to purchase
any services. you may fund your good as gold account by wire transfer.

you acknowledge that funds transferred to your good as gold account will be
held by godaddy and will not accrue or pay interest for your benefit. to the
extent any interest may accrue, you agree that godaddy shall be entitled to
receive and keep any such amounts to cover costs associated with good as gold
prepaid services.

you agree that all transactions using good as gold prepaid services will be
conducted in u.s. dollars.

your good as gold account must be funded on an initial basis with no less than
funds equivalent to $1,000.00 u.s. dollars.

all payments must be for the full amount required at purchase.

__wire transfer details.__ wire transfers may be initiated in foreign currency
to fund your good as gold account, however the natural currency of the wild
west domains bank account is u.s. dollars. foreign currency wires will be
automatically converted and deposited in u.s. dollars. please note that
exchange rate fees may apply.

you are responsible for all wire transfer fees, both incoming and outgoing,
associated with your good as gold account. any non-u.s. wire transfers may be
subject to fees by your bank, intermediary banks, or godaddy’s bank, which may
reduce the amount of the money received by godaddy’s bank and subsequently
funded into your good as gold account. you hereby expressly authorize
godaddy(i) to reduce your good as gold account by the amount of wire transfer
fees godaddy incurs in order to receive your funds; and/or (ii) to charge a
twenty-dollar ($20.00) service fee (“ _service fee_ ”) in connection with the
termination of your good as gold account. all fees are subject to change at
any time, and such changes shall be posted online and effective immediately
without need for further notice to you.

you can verify the remaining funds in your good as gold account at any time
through your account or the shopping cart. should you decide to terminate your
good as gold account (or should godaddy opt to terminate your good as gold
account because you have breached an obligation under the good as gold service
agreement), then the balance in your good as gold account will be refunded,
net the service fee.

additional funds may be added to your good as gold account at any time.

_your use of good as gold prepaid services._ use of funds in your good as gold
account can only be made through the godaddy purchase process at godaddy’s
website. purchases may not be made unless there are sufficient, available
funds in your good as gold account at the time of purchase to cover the entire
purchase amount, including any related fees as set forth herein or in other
relevant agreements.

**_(d) pay by check (electronic payment)_**

by using godaddy’s pay by check option (“ _pay by check_ ”), you can purchase
godaddy services using an electronic payment (from your personal or business
checking account (“checking account”), as appropriate). in connection, you
agree to allow a third-party check services provider, certegy check services,
inc., (“ _check services provider_ ”) to debit the full amount of your
purchase from your checking account, which is non-refundable. check services
provider will create an electronic funds transfer (“ _eft_ ”) or bank draft,
which will be presented to your bank or financial institution for payment from
your checking account. the checking account must be at a financial institution
in the united states, and payment must be in u.s. dollars.

it is your responsibility to keep your checking account current and funded.
you agree that (i) check services provider or godaddy reserve the right to
decline a transaction for any reason (including, but not limited to, payments
that fail to go through as a result of your checking account no longer
existing or not holding available/sufficient funds) and (ii) in such event,
neither check services provider nor godaddy shall be liable to you or any
third party regarding the same. if for any reason check services provider is
unable to withdraw the full amount owed for the services provided, you agree
that check services provider and godaddy may pursue all available lawful
remedies in order to obtain payment (plus any applicable fees). godaddy is not
responsible for the actions of check services provider. you agree that if the
eft or bank draft is returned unpaid, you will pay a service charge in
accordance with the fees permitted by law for each u.s. state. a help article
describing the check services provider and outlining the service charges
referenced above can be found [here](https://www.godaddy.com/help/us-
customers-paying-via-check-27807). these fees may be debited from your
checking account using an eft or bank draft. all fees are in u.s. dollars.

godaddy and its service providers, including but not limited to check services
provider and complete payment recovery services, inc., may provide you with
notices, including by email, regular mail, sms, mms, text message, postings on
the services, or other reasonable means now known or hereafter developed. such
notices may not be received if you violate these terms of service by accessing
the services in an unauthorized manner. your agreement to these terms of
service constitutes your agreement that you are deemed to have received any
and all notices that would have been delivered had you accessed the services
in an authorized manner. failure to receive such notices for any reason shall
not excuse any payment or other obligation to godaddy and check services
provider. you further expressly authorize godaddy and its service providers,
including but not limited to check services provider and complete payment
recovery services, inc., and their affiliates to contact you, via auto-dialer,
pre-recorded messages, or any other method, on any of your mobile phone
numbers or emails. you further acknowledge that email addresses you provide
are not shared, accessed by others and are not employer-related email
addresses.

**_(e) international payment options_**

godaddy offers a variety of alternative international payment options through
a variety of international payment providers (“ipp”). in the event you select
an ipp, you represent that you have already agreed to any and all of the ipp’s
applicable customer service agreements in advance of completing your
transaction at godaddy. you also agree to allow the ipp to debit the full
amount of your purchase from the selected account or payment method,
collectively “funding sources”. in addition, you agree to allow the selected
ipp to debit, if applicable, an “exchange rate conversion fee”, as well as any
other fees or charges applicable to your agreement with the ipp (collectively,
the “ipp fees”), from your funding sources. you understand and agree that ipp
fees are subject to change at any time by the ipp without notice to you by
godaddy.

it is your responsibility to keep your funding sources current and funded. you
agree that (i) the ipp or godaddy reserve the right to decline a transaction
for any reason and (ii) neither the ipp nor godaddy shall be liable to you or
any third party regarding the same. you acknowledge that godaddy will not
attempt to fulfill the services purchased by you until godaddy receives
confirmation of payment from the ipp through its associated payment processor.
you acknowledge there may be a gap of several hours or days between the time
you place an order and the time the ipp confirms payment through its
associated payment processor. if godaddy does not receive confirmation of
payment from the ipp through its associated payment processor within thirty
(30) days from when the order is placed, your order may be cancelled, at which
time you will need to commence the purchase process again. in the event that
you would like to cancel payment for a pending transaction, you may cancel the
order through your godaddy account. payments received on previously cancelled
orders will be automatically refunded to the original payment method when
possible.

if, at the time godaddy receives confirmation of payment from the ipp (through
its associated payment processor), either (i) the services (including domain
names) are no longer available for purchase; or (ii) a pending order has been
cancelled in our systems; or (iii) the confirmation of payment does not match
the dollar amount of the pending order, and as a result your purchase is
either over-funded or under-funded, godaddy may automatically issue a partial
refund (in the case of over-funding) or a full refund (in the case of under-
funding) to your funding source. if the ipp (or its associated payment
processor) imposes refund limitations of any kind, godaddy reserves the right
to issue refunds to an in-store credit balance or as a bank transfer, when the
payment processor cannot refund back to the payment method. if you receive a
full refund, you will need to begin the purchase process again. you agree that
the ipp reserves the right not to refund ipp fees associated with a refunded
transaction. accordingly, any refunds issued by godaddy will be net of the ipp
fees unless otherwise specified.

godaddy offers sepa direct debit (“sepa”) as a payment method for customers
located in germany. if you choose to use sepa as a payment method, you are
authorizing godaddy and adyen, our payment service provider, to send
instructions to your bank to debit your account. by agreeing to these terms
you have mandated godaddy to collect all of the applicable charges arising
under this agreement. the authorization shall also apply to any new bank
account used by you for purchases from godaddy. we will notify you of the date
of direct debit collection within a reasonable time (the “pre-notification”).
this pre-notification will be delivered to you by e-mail at least one (1)
business day before payment is collected. you are responsible for making sure
that there are sufficient funds in your account to cover any debit payments.
you also agree to indemnify godaddy against any losses that it may incur if
your financial institution withholds payment from godaddy for any reason.

**_(f) in-store credit balances_**

in the event that your account contains an in-store credit balance: (1) you
may apply any available credit balance to any future purchase in your account;
and (2) you authorize godaddy to apply any available credit balance to any
outstanding administrative fees, chargebacks, or other fees related to your
account. in the event that godaddy is unable to successfully charge either the
payment method associated with a specific service in your account or your
backup payment methods when processing service renewals, godaddy may use any
available in-store credit balance if there are enough funds to cover the
entire transaction. regardless of the amount of in-store credit available in
your account, godaddy is not responsible for the loss of products resulting
from an inability to collect funds from your payment methods or the in-store
credit. in-store credits will be applied based on the currency selected in the
shopping cart at the time of purchase (or renewal). if you have more than one
in-store credit, then the credits will be processed according to the age of
the credit, with the oldest in-store credit being applied first. if additional
funds are required to complete the purchase or renewal, credits held in a non-
selected currency will be converted using godaddy’s daily exchange rate based
on the age of the credit (oldest to newest) until (i) enough funds are
allocated to complete the transaction, or (ii) there is no available balance
left in your account. you understand and agree that at the time of conversion,
godaddy may also impose an additional administrative fee.

you can verify your available in-store credit balance at any time through your
account on the godaddy website. you acknowledge that in-store credit balances
are non-transferable, may only be used in the account in which they were
acquired and may expire. complimentary in-store credits will expire two years
after issuance or within any other time period godaddy may specify in your
account. in the event that godaddy terminates your account, you acknowledge
and agree that any remaining available in-store credit balance will be
forfeited.

you also acknowledge that funds available in your in-store credit balance will
be held by godaddy and will not accrue or pay interest for your behalf. to the
extent any interest may accrue, you agree that godaddy is entitled to receive
and keep any such amounts to cover costs associated with supporting the in-
store credit balance functionality.

**_(g) expired domain name purchases_**

for expired domains names purchased through your account, you agree that you
are responsible for payment within forty-eight (48) hours of auction close for
the successful bid amount plus the one (1) year renewal or transfer fee (from
the end of the domain name’s previous registration period), plus icann fee, if
applicable, or any valid payment method associated with the account, will be
charged on the third day following the auction close. if we are unable to
collect payment, you may lose the rights to purchase the domain name.

**_(h) round up for charity_**

if you participate in round up for charity, you hereby authorize godaddy to
either 1) donate an amount selected by you, or 2) round up your transaction to
the nearest dollar and donate 100% of the difference, to a small business
relief fund (“donation”). godaddy will take reasonable steps to ensure your
donation is properly disbursed, in our sole discretion, to qualifying small
businesses negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic and will not withhold
any donation made by you through round up for charity. you understand your
donation is not eligible for a refund or in-store credit.

**  
**14\. additional reservation of rights** **

godaddy expressly reserves the right to deny, cancel, terminate, suspend,
lock, or modify access to (or control of) any account or services (including
the right to cancel or transfer any domain name registration) for any reason
(as determined by godaddy in its sole and absolute discretion), including but
not limited to the following: (i) to correct mistakes made by godaddy in
offering or delivering any services (including any domain name registration),
(ii) to protect the integrity and stability of, and correct mistakes made by,
any domain name registry or registrar, (iii) to assist with our fraud and
abuse detection and prevention efforts, (iv) to comply with court orders
against you and/or your domain name or website and applicable local, state,
national and international laws, rules and regulations, (v) to comply with
requests of law enforcement, including subpoena requests, (vi) to comply with
any dispute resolution process, (vii) to defend any legal action or threatened
legal action without consideration for whether such legal action or threatened
legal action is eventually determined to be with or without merit, (viii) to
avoid any civil or criminal liability on the part of godaddy, its officers,
directors, employees and agents, as well as godaddy's affiliates, including,
but not limited to, instances where you have sued or threatened to sue
godaddy, or (ix) to respond to an excessive amount of complaints related in
any way to your account, domain name(s), or content on your website that could
result in damage to godaddy’s business, operations, reputation or
shareholders.  
  
godaddy expressly reserves the right to review every account for excessive
space and bandwidth utilization, and to terminate or apply additional fees to
those accounts that exceed allowed levels.

godaddy expressly reserves the right to terminate, without notice to you, any
and all services where, in godaddy's sole discretion, you are harassing or
threatening godaddy and/or any of godaddy's employees.

__godaddy content.__ except for user content, the content on this site and the
services , including without limitation the text, software, scripts, source
code, api, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos and interactive features
and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein (“ _godaddy
content_ ”), are owned by or licensed to godaddy in perpetuity, and are
subject to copyright, trademark, and/or patent protection in the united states
and foreign countries, and other intellectual property rights under united
states and foreign laws. godaddy content is provided to you “as is”, “as
available” and “with all faults” for your information and personal, non-
commercial use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise
exploited for any purposes whatsoever without the express prior written
consent of godaddy. no right or license under any copyright, trademark,
patent, or other proprietary right or license is granted by this agreement.
godaddy reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the godaddy
content, this site and the services, and this agreement do not transfer
ownership of any of these rights.

**  
**15.no spam; liquidated damages** **

  
__no spam.__ we do not tolerate the transmission of spam. we monitor all
traffic to and from our web servers for indications of spamming and maintain a
spam abuse complaint center to register allegations of spam abuse. customers
suspected to be using our products and services for the purpose of sending
spam are fully investigated. if we determine there is a problem with spam, we
will take the appropriate action to resolve the situation.  
  
we define spam as the sending of unsolicited commercial email (uce),
unsolicited bulk email (ube) or unsolicited facsimiles (fax), which is email
or facsimile sent to recipients as an advertisement or otherwise, without
first obtaining prior confirmed consent to receive these communications. this
can include, but is not limited to, the following:  

  1. email messages
  2. newsgroup postings
  3. windows system messages
  4. pop-up messages (aka "adware" or "spyware" messages)
  5. instant messages (using aol, msn, yahoo or other instant messenger programs)
  6. online chat room advertisements
  7. guestbook or website forum postings
  8. facsimile solicitations
  9. text/sms messages

  
we will not allow our servers and services to be used for the purposes
described above. in order to use our products and services, you must not only
abide by all applicable laws and regulations, which include the can-spam act
of 2003 and the telephone consumer protection act, but you must also abide by
this no spam policy. commercial advertising and/or bulk emails or faxes may
only be sent to recipients who have "opted-in" to receive messages. they must
include a legitimate return address and reply-to address, the sender's
physical address, and an opt-out method in the footer of the email or fax.
upon request by us, conclusive proof of opt-in may be required for an email
address or fax number.  
  
if we determine the account, products, or services in question are being used
in association with spam, we may re-direct, suspend, or cancel any account,
web site hosting, domain registration, email boxes, or other applicable
products or services. in such event, at our election, we may require you to
respond by email to us stating that you will cease to send spam and/or have
spam sent on your behalf and to require a non-refundable reactivation fee to
be paid before the site, email boxes, and/or services are reactivated.  
  
we encourage all customers and recipients of email generated from our products
and services to report suspected spam. suspected abuse can be reported by
email or through our spam abuse complaint center on the web. web: [report
abuse](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/abusereport/index?ci=22420).  
  
__liquidated damages.__ you agree that we may immediately terminate any
account which we believe, in our sole and absolute discretion, is transmitting
or is otherwise connected with any spam or other unsolicited bulk email. in
addition, if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated then you agree to
pay us liquidated damages in the amount of $1.00 for each piece of spam or
unsolicited bulk email transmitted from or otherwise connected with your
account.

**  
**16\. trademark and/or copyright claims****

  
godaddy supports the protection of intellectual property. if you would like to
submit (i) a trademark claim for violation of a mark on which you hold a
valid, registered trademark or service mark, or (ii) a copyright claim for
material on which you hold a bona fide copyright, please refer to godaddy’s
trademark and/or copyright infringement policy referenced above and available
[here](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/trademark-copyright-
infringement).

**  
**17\. links to third-party websites** **

  
this site and the services found at this site may contain links to third-party
websites that are not owned or controlled by godaddy. godaddy assumes no
responsibility for the content, terms and conditions, privacy policies, or
practices of any third-party websites. in addition, godaddy does not censor or
edit the content of any third-party websites. by using this site or the
services found at this site, you expressly release godaddy from any and all
liability arising from your use of any third-party website. accordingly,
godaddy encourages you to be aware when you leave this site or the services
found at this site and to review the terms and conditions, privacy policies,
and other governing documents of each other website that you may visit.

**  
**18\. disclaimer of representations and warranties** **

you specifically acknowledge and agree that your use of this site and the
services found at this site shall be at your own risk and that this site and
the services found at this site are provided “as is”, “as available” and “with
all faults”. godaddy, its officers, directors, employees, agents, and all
third party service providers disclaim all warranties, statutory, express or
implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of title,
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
godaddy, its officers, directors, employees, and agents make no
representations or warranties about (i) the accuracy, completeness, or content
of this site, (ii) the accuracy, completeness, or content of any sites linked
(through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this site, and/or
(iii) the services found at this site or any sites linked (through hyperlinks,
banner advertising or otherwise) to this site, and godaddy assumes no
liability or responsibility for the same.

in addition, you specifically acknowledge and agree that no oral or written
information or advice provided by godaddy, its officers, directors, employees,
or agents (including without limitation its call center or customer service
representatives), and third party service providers will (i) constitute legal
or financial advice or (ii) create a warranty of any kind with respect to this
site or the services found at this site, and users should not rely on any such
information or advice.

the foregoing disclaimer of representations and warranties shall apply to the
fullest extent permitted by law, and shall survive any termination or
expiration of this agreement or your use of this site or the services found at
this site.

**  
**19\. limitation of liability****

in no event shall godaddy, its officers, directors, employees, agents, and all
third party service providers, be liable to you or any other person or entity
for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential
damages whatsoever, including any that may result from (i) the accuracy,
completeness, or content of this site, (ii) the accuracy, completeness, or
content of any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or
otherwise) to this site, (iii) the services found at this site or any sites
linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this site,
(iv) personal injury or property damage of any nature whatsoever, (v) third-
party conduct of any nature whatsoever, (vi) any unauthorized access to or use
of our servers and/or any and all content, personal information, financial
information or other information and data stored therein, (vii) any
interruption or cessation of services to or from this site or any sites linked
(through hyperlinks, banner advertising or otherwise) to this site, (viii) any
viruses, worms, bugs, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to
or from this site or any sites linked (through hyperlinks, banner advertising
or otherwise) to this site, (ix) any user content or content that is
defamatory, harassing, abusive, harmful to minors or any protected class,
pornographic, “x-rated”, obscene or otherwise objectionable, and/or (x) any
loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of this site or
the services found at this site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or
any other legal or equitable theory, and whether or not godaddy is advised of
the possibility of such damages.

in addition, you specifically acknowledge and agree that in no event shall
godaddy’s total aggregate liability exceed $10,000.00 u.s. dollars.  
the foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent
permitted by law, and shall survive any termination or expiration of this
agreement or your use of this site or the services found at this site.

**  
**20\. indemnity****

  
you agree to protect, defend, indemnify and hold harmless godaddy and its
officers, directors, employees, agents, and third party service providers from
and against any and all claims, demands, costs, expenses, losses, liabilities
and damages of every kind and nature (including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys’ fees) imposed upon or incurred by godaddy directly or
indirectly arising from (i) your use of and access to this site or the
services found at this site; (ii) your violation of any provision of this
agreement or the policies or agreements which are incorporated herein; and/or
(iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation
any intellectual property or other proprietary right. the indemnification
obligations under this section shall survive any termination or expiration of
this agreement or your use of this site or the services found at this site.

**  
**21\. compliance with local laws** **

  
godaddy makes no representation or warranty that the content available on this
site or the services found at this site are appropriate in every country or
jurisdiction, and access to this site or the services found at this site from
countries or jurisdictions where its content is illegal is prohibited. users
who choose to access this site or the services found at this site are
responsible for compliance with all local laws, rules and regulations.

**  
**22\. disputes, binding individual arbitration and waiver of class actions
and class arbitrations** **

please read this section carefully. follow the instructions below if you wish
to opt out of the provisions requiring you to resolve disputes through
individual arbitration.

(a) _disputes._ the terms of this section shall apply to all disputes between
you and godaddy, except for disputes governed by the uniform domain name
dispute resolution policy referenced above and available
[here](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/domain-name-dispute-
resolution-policy). for the purposes of this section, “dispute” shall mean any
dispute, claim, or action between you and godaddy arising under or relating to
any godaddy services or products, godaddy’s websites, these terms, or any
other transaction involving you and godaddy, whether in contract, warranty,
misrepresentation, fraud, tort, intentional tort, statute, regulation,
ordinance, or any other legal or equitable basis, and shall be interpreted to
be given the broadest meaning allowable under law. you and godaddy agree that
“dispute” as defined in these terms shall not include any claim or cause of
action by you or godaddy for (i) trade secret misappropriation, (ii) patent
infringement, (iii) copyright infringement or misuse, and (iv) trademark
infringement or dilution. moreover, notwithstanding anything else in these
terms, you agree that a court, not the arbitrator, may decide if a claim falls
within one of these four exceptions.

(b) _binding arbitration._ you and godaddy further agree: (i) to arbitrate all
disputes between the parties pursuant to the provisions in these terms; (ii)
these terms memorialize a transaction in interstate commerce; (iii) the
federal arbitration act (9 u.s.c. §1, et seq.) governs the interpretation and
enforcement of this section; and (iv) this section shall survive termination
of these terms. arbitration means that you waive your right to a judge or jury
in a court proceeding and your grounds for appeal are limited. the arbitrator
may award you the same damages as a court sitting in proper jurisdiction, as
limited by the limitation of liability set forth in section 19 of this
agreement and may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the
individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide
relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. in addition, in some
instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and
the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than in court. the
decision of the arbitrator shall be final and enforceable by any court with
jurisdiction over the parties.

(c) _small claims court._ notwithstanding the foregoing, you may bring an
individual action in the small claims court of your state or municipality if
the action is within that court’s jurisdiction and is pending only in that
court.

(d) _dispute notice._ in the event of a dispute, you or godaddy must first
send to the other party a notice of the dispute that shall include a written
statement that sets forth the name, address and contact information of the
party giving it, the facts giving rise to the dispute, and the relief
requested (the “dispute notice”). the dispute notice to godaddy must be
addressed to: godaddy, 14455 n. hayden rd., scottsdale, az 85260, attn.: legal
department (the “godaddy notice address”). the dispute notice to you will be
sent by certified mail to the most recent address we have on file or otherwise
in our records for you. if godaddy and you do not reach an agreement to
resolve the dispute within sixty (60) days after the dispute notice is
received, you or godaddy may commence an arbitration proceeding pursuant to
this section. following submission and receipt of the dispute notice, each of
us agrees to act in good faith to seek to resolve the dispute before
commencing arbitration.

(e) _waiver of class actions and class arbitrations._ you and godaddy agree
that each party may bring disputes against the other party only in an
individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported
class or representative proceeding, including without limitation federal or
state class actions, or class arbitrations. neither you nor godaddy will seek
to have any dispute heard as a class action, private attorney general action,
or in any other proceeding in which either party acts of proposes to act in a
representative capacity. no arbitration or other proceeding will be combined
with another without the prior written consent of all parties to all affected
arbitrations or proceedings.

(f) _arbitration procedure._ if a party elects to commence arbitration, the
arbitration will be administered by the american arbitration association
(“aaa”) and governed by the consumer arbitration rules of the aaa (“aaa
rules”) in conjunction with the rules set forth in these terms, except that
aaa may not administer any multiple claimant or class arbitration, as the
parties agree that the arbitration shall be limited to the resolution only of
individual claims. the aaa rules are at [www.adr.org](https://www.adr.org/) or
by calling 1-800-778-7879. if there is a conflict between the aaa rules and
the rules set forth in these terms, the rules set forth in these terms shall
govern. you may, in arbitration, seek any and all remedies otherwise available
to you pursuant to federal, state, or local laws, as limited by the limitation
of liability set forth in section 19 of this agreement. all disputes shall be
resolved by a single neutral arbitrator, and both parties shall have a
reasonable opportunity to participate in the selection of the arbitrator. the
arbitrator is bound by these terms. the arbitrator, and not any federal, state
or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all
disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability,
enforceability or formation of these terms, including, but not limited to, any
claim that all or any part of these terms is void or voidable. the arbitrator
shall also have exclusive authority to rule on his or her own jurisdiction,
including any objections with respect to the existence, scope, or validity of
the arbitration agreement or to the arbitrability of any claim or
counterclaim. notwithstanding this broad delegation of authority to the
arbitrator, a court may determine the limited question of whether a claim or
cause of action is for (i) trade secret misappropriation, (ii) patent
infringement, (iii) copyright infringement or misuse, or (iv) trademark
infringement or dilution, which are excluded from the definition of “disputes”
as stated above. the arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief
would be available in a court under law or in equity. the arbitrator’s award
shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court
of competent jurisdiction. you may choose to engage in arbitration hearings by
telephone. arbitration hearings not conducted by telephone shall take place in
a location reasonably accessible from your primary residence (or principal
place of business if you are a small business), or in maricopa county,
arizona, at your option.

(g) _initiation of arbitration proceeding._ if either you or godaddy decide to
arbitrate a dispute, we agree to the following procedure:

i. write a demand for arbitration. the demand must include a description of
the dispute and the amount of damages sought to be recovered. you can find a
copy of a demand for arbitration at [www.adr.org](https://www.adr.org/)
(“demand for arbitration: consumer arbitration rules”).

ii. send one copy of the demand for arbitration to aaa by mail at american
arbitration association case filing services 1101 laurel oak road, suite 100
voorhees, nj 08043.

iii. send one copy of the demand for arbitration to the other party at the
same address as the dispute notice, or as otherwise agreed to by the parties.

(h) _hearing format._ in all hearing formats, the arbitrator shall issue a
written decision that explains the essential findings and conclusions on which
an award, if any, is based. during the arbitration, the amount of any
settlement offer made by godaddy or you shall not be disclosed to the
arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which
you or godaddy is entitled. the discovery or exchange of non-privileged
information relevant to the dispute may be allowed during the arbitration.

(i) _arbitration fees and payments._

i. disputes involving $75,000.00 or less. godaddy will promptly reimburse your
filing fees and pay the aaa’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses. if you
reject godaddy’s last written settlement offer made before the arbitrator was
appointed (“godaddy’s last written offer”), your dispute goes all the way to
an arbitrator’s decision (called an “award”), and the arbitrator awards you
more than godaddy’s last written offer, godaddy will: (i) pay the greater of
the award or $1,000.00; (ii) pay twice your reasonable attorney’s fees, if
any; and (iii) reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and
costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and
pursuing your claim in arbitration. the arbitrator will determine the amount
of fees, costs, and expenses unless you and godaddy agree on them.

ii. disputes involving more than $75,000.00. the aaa rules will govern payment
of filing fees and the aaa’s and arbitrator’s fees and expenses.

iii. disputes involving any amount. in any arbitration you commence, godaddy
will seek its aaa or arbitrator’s fees and expenses, or your filing fees it
reimbursed, only if the arbitrator finds the arbitration frivolous or brought
for an improper purpose. in any arbitration godaddy commences, godaddy will
pay all filing, aaa, and arbitrator’s fees and expenses. godaddy will not seek
its attorney’s fees or expenses from you in any arbitration. fees and expenses
are not included in determining the amount in dispute.

(j) _claims or disputes must be filed within one year._ to the extent
permitted by law, any claim or dispute to which this section applies must be
filed within one year in small claims or in arbitration. the one-year period
begins when the claim or notice of dispute first could be filed. if not filed
within one year, the claim or dispute will be permanently barred.

(k) _30-day opt-out period._ if you do not wish to be bound by the arbitration
provision in this disputes section, you must notify godaddy by e-mailing
legaloptout@godaddy.com within 30 days of the date that you accept these terms
(unless a longer period is required by applicable law). in the e-mail, you
must provide your (a) first name, (b) last name (c) address, (d) phone number,
and (e) account number(s) and state the following: “i wish to opt out of the
arbitration provision contained in godaddy’s universal terms of service
agreement.” by providing your information in the method above, you are opting
out of the agreement to arbitrate contained in godaddy's universal terms of
service. your opt-out request will only be valid if made within thirty (30)
days of first accepting the universal terms of service. in the event that you
opt-out consistent with the procedure set forth above, all other terms shall
contained herein shall continue to apply, including those related to the
applicable governing law and the court(s) in which legal disputes may be
brought.

(l) _amendments to this section._ notwithstanding any provision in these terms
to the contrary, you and godaddy agree that if godaddy makes any future
amendments to the dispute resolution procedure and class action waiver
provisions (other than a change to godaddy’s address) in these terms, godaddy
will notify you and you will have thirty (30) days from the date of notice to
affirmatively opt-out of any such amendments. if you affirmatively opt-out of
any future amendments, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute
between us in accordance with the language of this section as stated in these
current terms, without any of the proposed amendments governing. if you do not
affirmatively opt-out of any future amendments, you will be deemed to have
consented to any such future amendments.

(m) _severability._ if any provision in this section is found to be
unenforceable, that provision shall be severed with the remainder of these
terms remaining in full force and effect. the foregoing shall not apply to the
prohibition against class or representative actions; if the prohibition
against class or representative actions is found to be unenforceable, this
entire section shall be null and void. the terms of this section shall
otherwise survive any termination of these terms.

(n) _exclusive venue for other controversies._ godaddy and you agree that any
controversy excluded from the dispute resolution procedure and class action
waiver provisions in this section (other than an individual action filed in
small claims court) shall be filed only in the superior court of maricopa
county, arizona, or the united states district court for the district of
arizona, and each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consents and
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts for any such controversy.
you also agree to waive the right to trial by jury in any such action or
proceeding.

**  
**23\. unclaimed property; dormancy charges****

  
please be advised that if a customer has an outstanding account balance (a
credit positive balance) for three (3) years or more for any reason, and (i)
godaddy is unable to issue payment to such customer or (ii) godaddy issued
payment to such customer in the form of a paper check, but the check was never
cashed, then godaddy shall turn over such account balance to the state of
arizona in accordance with state law. you acknowledge and agree that in either
case (i) or (ii) above, godaddy may withhold a dormancy charge in an amount
equal to the lesser of $25.00 or the total outstanding account balance
associated with such customer.

**  
**24\. successors and assigns****

  
this agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective heirs, successors and assigns.

**  
**25\. no third-party beneficiaries****

  
nothing in this agreement shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or
benefits.

**  
**26\. u.s. export laws** **

  
this site and the services found at this site are subject to the export laws,
restrictions, regulations and administrative acts of the united states
department of commerce, department of treasury office of foreign assets
control (“ _ofac_ ”), state department, and other united states authorities
(collectively, “ _u.s. export laws_ ”). users shall not use the services found
at this site to collect, store or transmit any technical information or data
that is controlled under u.s. export laws. users shall not export or re-
export, or allow the export or re-export of, the services found at this site
in violation of any u.s. export laws. none of the services found at this site
may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a
national or resident of) any country with which the united states has
embargoed trade; or (ii) to anyone on the u.s. treasury department's list of
specially designated nationals or the u.s. commerce department's denied
persons list, or any other denied parties lists under u.s. export laws. by
using this site and the services found at this site, you agree to the
foregoing and represent and warrant that you are not a national or resident
of, located in, or under the control of, any restricted country; and you are
not on any denied parties list; and you agree to comply with all u.s. export
laws (including “anti-boycott”, “deemed export” and “deemed re-export”
regulations). if you access this site or the services found at this site from
other countries or jurisdictions, you do so on your own initiative and you are
responsible for compliance with the local laws of that jurisdiction, if and to
the extent those local laws are applicable and do not conflict with u.s.
export laws. if such laws conflict with u.s. export laws, you shall not access
this site or the services found at this site. the obligations under this
section shall survive any termination or expiration of this agreement or your
use of this site or the services found at this site.

**  
**27\. titles and headings; independent covenants; severability** **

  
the titles and headings of this agreement are for convenience and ease of
reference only and shall not be utilized in any way to construe or interpret
the agreement of the parties as otherwise set forth herein. each covenant and
agreement in this agreement shall be construed for all purposes to be a
separate and independent covenant or agreement. if a court of competent
jurisdiction holds any provision (or portion of a provision) of this agreement
to be illegal, invalid, or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions
(or portions of provisions) of this agreement shall not be affected thereby
and shall be found to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
by law.

**  
**english language controls****

  
this agreement, along with all policies and the applicable product agreements
identified above and incorporated herein by reference (collectively, the
“agreement”), is executed in the english language. to the extent any
translation is provided to you, it is provided for convenience purposes only,
and in the event of any conflict between the english and translated version,
where permitted by law, the english version will control and prevail. where
the translated version is required to be provided to you and is to be
considered binding by law (i) both language versions shall have equal
validity, (ii) each party acknowledges that it has reviewed both language
versions and that they are substantially the same in all material respects,
and (iii) in the event of any discrepancy between these two versions, the
translated version may prevail, provided that the intent of the parties has
been fully taken into consideration.

**  
**contact information****

if you have any questions about this agreement, please contact us by email or
regular mail at the following address:  
  
godaddy legal department  
14455 north hayden rd.  
suite 219  
scottsdale, az 85260  
legal@godaddy.com

[view/print universal terms of service
agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/universal-terms-of-
service-agreement)

##  agreements

  1. [auctions membership agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/auctions-membership-agreement)

  2. [cashparking® service agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cash-parking-service-agreement)

  3. [certificate services agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/certificate-services-agreement)

  4. [change of registrant agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/change-of-registrant-agreement)

  5. [domain broker service agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/domain-broker-service-agreement)

  6. [domain name proxy agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/domain-name-proxy-agreement)

  7. [domain name registration agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/domain-name-registration-agreement)

  8. [domain name transfer agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/domain-name-transfer-agreement)

  9. [email marketing services](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/email-marketing-services)

  10. [get found service agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/get-found-service-agreement)

  11. [godaddy it service agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/godaddy-it-service-agreement)

  12. [hosting agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/hosting-agreement)

  13. [marketing applications agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/marketing-applications-agreement)

  14. [microsoft office terms of use](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/microsoft-office-terms-of-use)

  15. [godaddy online bookkeeping service agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/godaddy-online-bookkeeping-service-agreement)

  16. [online store/quick shopping cart agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/online-store-qsc-agreement)

  17. [pro program agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/pro-program-service-agreement)

  18. [website design services agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/professional-web-services-agreement)

  19. [reseller agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/reseller-agreement)

  20. [website services agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/websites-marketing-agreement)

  21. [website builder v7 service agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/website-builder-v7-service-agreement)

  22. [website security terms of use](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/website-security-terms-of-use)

  23. [workspace service agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/workspace-service-agreement)

  24. [smartline agreement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/smartline-agreement)

##  policies and other documents

  1. [privacy policy](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/privacy-policy)

  2. [coordinated vulnerability disclosure](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/coordinated-vulnerability-disclosure)

  3. [subpoena policy/attorney tips](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/subpoena-policy)

  4. [dispute on transfer away form](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/transferdispute/index/)

  5. [uniform domain name dispute resolution policy](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/domain-name-dispute-resolution-policy)

  6. [icann registrant rights](http://www.icann.org/en/resources/registrars/registrant-rights/)

  7. [icann registrar transfer dispute resolution policy](http://www.icann.org/transfers/dispute-policy-12jul04.htm)

  8. [trademark/copyright infringement](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/trademark-copyright-infringement)

  9. [brand guidelines and permissions](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/brand-guidelines-and-permissions)

  10. [patent notice](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/patent-notice)

  11. [refund policy](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/refund-policy)

  12. [statement of support](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/statement-of-support)

  13. [data processing addendum](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/data-processing-addendum)

##  company information

corporate headquarters 14455 n. hayden rd., ste. 226  
scottsdale, az 85260 usa

phone number: (866) 938-1119  
fax number: (480) 624-2546  
email address: hq@godaddy.com  
[report abuse](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/abusereport/index)  
abuse@godaddy.com

godaddy.com, llc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of godaddy inc.

ok

[

we love taking your call.

](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

sign up for news and special offers

sign up

  * about godaddy 

    * [about us](https://aboutus.godaddy.net/about-us/overview/default.aspx)
    * [newsroom](https://newsroom.godaddy.net/newsroom/overview/default.aspx)
    * [investor relations](https://investors.godaddy.net)
    * [careers](https://careers.godaddy.com)
    * [corporate responsibility](https://www.godaddy.com/godaddy-for-good)
    * [trust center](https://www.godaddy.com/trust-center)
    * [legal](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * help center 

    * [help center](https://www.godaddy.com/help)
    * [community](https://www.godaddy.com/community)
    * [godaddy blog](https://www.godaddy.com/garage)
    * [contact us](https://www.godaddy.com/help/contact-us)
    * [report abuse](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/abusereport)
  * resources 

    * [webmail](https://email.godaddy.com?_target=blank)
    * [whois](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)
    * [godaddy mobile app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
    * [icann confirmation](https://dcc.godaddy.com/icann/confirmation?marketid=en-us)
    * [designers & developers](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
    * [corporate domains](https://www.godaddy.com/corporate-domains)
    * [redeem code](https://www.godaddy.com/redemption)
    * [product catalog](https://www.godaddy.com/catalog)
    * [site map](https://www.godaddy.com/site-map)
    * [videos](https://videos.godaddy.com)
  * partner programs 

    * [affiliates](https://www.godaddy.com/affiliate-programs)
    * [reseller programs](https://www.godaddy.com/reseller-program)
    * [godaddy pro](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
  * account 

    * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
    * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/subscriptions)
    * [create account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account&marketid=en-us)
  * shopping 

    * [domains](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
    * [websites](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
    * [wordpress](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
    * [hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
    * [web security](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
    * [email & office](https://www.godaddy.com/email/professional-business-email)
    * [phone numbers](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
    * [promos](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

* * *

united states - english

choose your country/region

  * [**argentina** \- español](https://ar.godaddy.com)
  * [**australia** \- english](https://au.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgi e ** \- nederlands](https://be.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgique** \- français](https://be.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**brasil** \- portugues](https://www.godaddy.com/pt-br)
  * [**canada** \- english](https://ca.godaddy.com)
  * [**canada** \- français](https://ca.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**chile** \- español](https://cl.godaddy.com)
  * [**colombia** \- español](https://co.godaddy.com)
  * [**danmark** \- dansk](https://dk.godaddy.com)
  * [**deutschland** \- deutsch](https://de.godaddy.com)
  * [**espa ña ** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es-es)
  * [**estados unidos** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es)
  * [**france** \- français](https://www.godaddy.com/fr-fr)
  * [**hong kong** \- english](https://hk.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**india** \- english](https://in.godaddy.com)
  * [**india** \- हिंदी](https://in.godaddy.com/hi)
  * [**indonesia** \- bahasa indonesia](https://id.godaddy.com)
  * [**ireland** \- english](https://ie.godaddy.com)
  * [**israel** \- english](https://il.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**italia** \- italiano](https://it.godaddy.com)
  * [**malaysia** \- english](https://my.godaddy.com)
  * [**m exico ** \- español](https://mx.godaddy.com)
  * [**nederland** \- nederlands](https://nl.godaddy.com)
  * [**new zealand** \- english](https://nz.godaddy.com)
  * [**norge** \- bokmal](https://no.godaddy.com)
  * [**ö sterreich ** \- deutsch](https://at.godaddy.com)
  * [**pakistan** \- english](https://pk.godaddy.com)
  * [**per u ** \- español](https://pe.godaddy.com)
  * [**philippines** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com/en-ph)
  * [**polska** \- polski](https://pl.godaddy.com)
  * [**portugal** \- portugues](https://pt.godaddy.com)
  * [**schweiz** \- deutsch](https://ch.godaddy.com)
  * [**singapore** \- english](https://sg.godaddy.com)
  * [**south africa** \- english](https://za.godaddy.com)
  * [**suisse** \- français](https://ch.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**suomi** \- suomi](https://fi.godaddy.com)
  * [**sverige** \- svenska](https://se.godaddy.com)
  * [**svizzera** \- italiano](https://ch.godaddy.com/it)
  * [**t urkiye ** \- turkçe](https://tr.godaddy.com)
  * [**united arab emirates** \- english](https://ae.godaddy.com)
  * [**united kingdom** \- english](https://uk.godaddy.com)
  * [**united states** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com)
  * [**venezuela** \- español](https://ve.godaddy.com)
  * [**vi ệt nam ** \- tiếng việt](https://vn.godaddy.com)
  * [**ε λλάδα ** \- ελληνικά](https://gr.godaddy.com)
  * [**р оссия ** \- русский](https://ru.godaddy.com)
  * [**у країна ** \- українська](https://ua.godaddy.com)
  * [**ا لإمارات العربية المتحدة ** \- اللغة العربية](https://ae.godaddy.com/ar)
  * [**ไ ทย ** \- ไทย](https://th.godaddy.com)
  * [**대 한민국 ** \- 한국어](https://kr.godaddy.com)
  * [**台灣** \- 繁體中文](https://tw.godaddy.com)
  * [**新加坡** \- 简体中文](https://sg.godaddy.com/zh)
  * [**日本** \- 日本語](https://jp.godaddy.com)
  * [**香港** \- 繁體中文](https://hk.godaddy.com)

usd

usd $

aed aed ars $ aud $ brl r$ cad c$ chf chf  clp $ cny ¥ cop $ czk kč dkk kr egp
egp eur € gbp £ hkd hk$ huf ft idr rp ils ₪ inr ₹ jpy ¥ krw ₩ mad mad mxn mxn
myr rm nok kr nzd $ pen s/ php ₱ pkr ₨ pln zł ron lei rub ₽ sar sar sek kr sgd
sg$ thb ฿ try tl twd nt$ uah ₴ uyu $ vnd ₫ zar r

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.twitter.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucgh_smww9wianyyob5y6tea)

  * [ legal ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * [ privacy policy ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/privacy-policy)
  * [ advertising preferences ](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/?pid=godaddy01&aid=godaddy01&type=godaddy)
  * [ cookies ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

[do not sell my personal
information](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

copyright © 1999 - 2020 godaddy operating company, llc. all rights reserved.
the godaddy word mark is a registered trademark of godaddy operating company,
llc in the us and other countries. the “go” logo is a registered trademark of
godaddy.com, llc in the us.

use of this site is subject to express terms of use. by using this site, you
signify that you agree to be bound by these [universal terms of
service](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/universal-terms-of-service-
agreement).

