message disclaimer

## title

body

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

  * name & protect
  * build & grow
  * godaddy pro
  * more

  * [ **domain names** ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains)
  * [search for domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
  * [transfer domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-transfer)
  * [protect domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/full-domain-privacy-and-protection)
  * [explore domain extensions](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/gtld-domain-names)
  * [auctions for domain names](https://auctions.godaddy.com)
  * [generate domain & business names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-generator)
  * [investing in domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-investing)
  * [find a domain owner (whois)](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)

  * [ **protect & secure** ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
  * [protect against malware & attacks](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-security)
  * [secure your website (ssl certificates)](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/ssl-certificate)
  * [back up your website](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-backup)

[ learn more about domains  ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains) [ learn about
security  ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)

  * [ **websites & stores** ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
  * [website builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/website-builder)
  * [online store builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/online-store)
  * [let us make your website](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/web-design)
  * [all hosting options](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
  * [web hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/web-hosting)
  * [wordpress hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
  * [manage clients & their sites](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

  * [ **connect & grow** ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)
  * [email & microsoft 365](https://www.godaddy.com/email)
  * [second mobile phone number](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
  * [digital marketing suite](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/digital-marketing-suite)
  * [download the godaddy app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
  * [let us grow your brand](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/godaddy-social)
  * [earn money with godaddy](https://www.godaddy.com/become-a-partner)
  * [see our latest deals](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ explore website options  ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites) [ learn to grow
your business  ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)

  * **welcome to godaddy pro**
  * [**exclusively for web designers and developers** , godaddy pro offers an ever-growing set of products, tools, content and support tailored to your unique business needs.](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
[ enter godaddy pro site ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ free 24/7 support ](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

notifications

  * you have no notifications.  
they'll be here when you get 'em.

sign in

quick links

  * **control panel links:**
  * [manage domains](https://dcc.godaddy.com)
  * [manage website builder](http://account.godaddy.com/products?acctid=44)
  * [manage hosting](https://myh.godaddy.com)
  * [manage ssl certificates](https://certs.godaddy.com)
  * [manage email](http://productivity.godaddy.com?marketid=en-us)

  * **inbox links:**
  * [office 365 email login](http://sso.godaddy.com?app=o365&realm=pass&marketid=en-us)
  * [godaddy webmail login](http://email.godaddy.com?target=blank)

registered users

have an account? sign in now.

[sign in](https://sso.godaddy.com?realm=idp&app=dashboard.api&path=%2fvh-
login-redirect&marketid=en-us)

new customer

new to godaddy? create an account to get started today.

[create my
account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account)

[{{displayname}}](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)

**customer #:** {{shopperid}} |  **pin:
**[view](https://account.godaddy.com/security/login-info/edit)

  * [godaddy pro](https://pro.godaddy.com)
  * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
  * [account settings](https://account.godaddy.com)
  * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/billing?filter=expires&subfilter=90)

[visit my account](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
[log out](https://sso.godaddy.com/logout?realm=idp)

[ checkout now ](https://cart.godaddy.com)

godaddy

# domains by proxy  
domain name proxy agreement

**last revised: 5/21/2020**

please read this domain name proxy agreement ("agreement") carefully. by using
the services and/or website of domains by proxy, llc, a delaware limited
liability company ("dbp"), you (as defined below) agree to all the terms and
conditions set forth both herein and in the dbp privacy policy, which is
incorporated by reference and can be found by clicking
[here](https://www.domainsbyproxy.com/policy/showdoc.aspx?pageid=privacy). you
acknowledge that dbp may amend this agreement at any time upon posting the
amended terms on its website, and that any new, different or additional
features changing the services provided by dbp will automatically be subject
to this agreement. if you do not agree to be bound by, or if you object to,
the terms and conditions of this agreement and any amendments hereto, do not
use or access dbp's services. continued use of dbp's services and its website
after any such changes to this agreement have been posted, constitutes your
acceptance of those changes.

this agreement is by and between dbp and you, your heirs, assigns, agents and
contractors ("you") and is made effective as of the date of electronic
execution. this agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your
relationship with dbp and your use of dbp's services and represents the entire
agreement between you and dbp. by using dbp's services, you acknowledge that
you have read, understand and agree to be bound by all the terms and
conditions of this agreement, and you further agree to be bound by the terms
of this agreement for transactions entered into by:

  1. you on your behalf;
  2. anyone acting as yor agent; and
  3. anyone who uses the account you have established with dbp, whether or not the transactions were on your behalf and/or authorized by you.

you agree you will be bound by representations made by third parties acting on
your behalf, which either use or purchase services from dbp. you further agree
that dbp will not be bound by statements of a general nature on dbp's website
or dbp promotional materials. you further agree to abide by the terms and
conditions promulgated by the internet corporation for assigned names and
numbers ("icann") (including the uniform domain name dispute resolution policy
("dispute resolution policy") and your registrar (i.e., the icann-accredited
person or entity through which you register a domain name).

****1 .description of dbp's private registration services** **

when you subscribe to dbp's private registration service through a dbp-
affiliated registrar, dbp will display its contact information in the publicly
available "whois" directory in place of your information. dbp shall keep your
name, postal address, email address, phone and fax numbers confidential,
subject to section 4 of this agreement. the following information (and not
your personal information) will be made publicly available in the "whois"
directory as determined by icann policy:

  1. dbp's name as the proxy registrant of the domain name and a proxy email address, phone number and postal address for the proxy registrant's contact information;
  2. a proxy postal address and phone number for the domain name registration's technical contact;
  3. a proxy email address, postal address and phone number for the domain name registration's administrative contact;
  4. a proxy email address, postal address and phone number for the domain's name registration's billing contact;
  5. the primary and secondary domain name servers you designate for the domain name;
  6. the domain name's original date of registration and expiration date of the registration; and
  7. the identity of the registrar.

****2 . full benefits of domain registration retained by you** **

although dbp will show in the "whois" directory as the registrant of each
domain name registration you designate, you will retain the full benefits of
domain name registration with respect to each such domain name registration,
including, subject to section 4 below:

  1. the right to sell, transfer or assign each domain name registration, which shall require cancellation of the dbp services associated with each such domain name registration;
  2. the right to control the use of each domain name registration, including designating the primary and secondary domain name servers to which each domain name points;
  3. the right to cancel each domain name registration;
  4. the right to cancel the dbp services associated with each domain name registration and/or your privacy services with dbp so that your contract information is listed in the "whois" directory; and
  5. the right to renew each domain name registration upon its expiration, subject to your registrar's applicable rules and policies.

****3 . personal information and your notification obligations; representation
and warranties; account security** **

**personal information and your notification obligations**

you agree that for each domain name for which you use dbp services, you will
provide accurate and current information as to:

  1. your name, the email address, postal address, phone and fax numbers for the domain name registration's registrant contact;
  2. the email address, postal address, phone and fax numbers for the domain name registration's technical contact;
  3. the email address, postal address, phone and fax numbers for the domain name registration's administrative contact;
  4. the email address, postal address, phone and fax numbers for the domain name registration's billing contact; and
  5. you agree to provide government issued photo identification and/or government issued business identification as required for verification of identity when requested.

**you agree to:**

  1. notify dbp within three (3) calendar days when any of the personal information you provided upon subscribing to dbp's services, changes;
  2. respond within three (3) calendar days to any inquiries made by dbp to determine the validity of personal information provided by you; and
  3. timely respond to email messages dbp sends to you regarding correspondence dbp has received that is either addressed to or involves you and/or your domain name registration, as more fully set forth in section 5(c) below.
  4. to allow dbp to act as your designated agent (as that term is defined below) in instances when dbp services are added to or cancelled from your domain name and for the purpose of facilitating a change of registrant request (as further described below).

it is your responsibility to keep your personal information current and
accurate at all times.

**renewals**  
  
you agree dbp will arrange for your registrar to charge the credit card you
have on file with the registrar, at the registrar's then current rates.  
  
if for any reason dbp and/or the registrar for your domain name is unable to
charge your credit card for the full amount of the service provided, or if dbp
and/or the registrar is charged back for any fee it previously charged to the
credit card you provided, you agree that dbp and/or the registrar may, without
notice to you, pursue all available remedies in order to obtain payment,
including but not limited to immediate cancellation of all services dbp
provides to you.  
  
**representations and warranties**  
  
you warrant that all information provided by you to dbp is truthful, complete,
current and accurate. you also warrant that you are using dbp's private
registration services in good faith and you have no knowledge of your domain
name infringing upon or conflicting with the legal rights of a third party or
a third party's trademark or trade name. you also warrant the domain name
being registered by dbp on your behalf will not be used in connection with any
illegal activity, or in connection with the transmission of spam, or that
contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, trojan horses or other code,
files or programs designed to, or capable or, disrupting, damaging or limiting
the functionality of any software or hardware.  
  
**account security**

you agree you are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
your customer number/login id and password ("account access information"). you
agree to notify dbp immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any
other breach of security. you agree dbp will not be liable for any loss that
you may incur as a result of someone else using your account access
information, either with or without your knowledge. you further agree you
could be held liable for losses incurred by dbp or another party due to
someone else using your account access information. for security purposes, you
should keep account access information in a secure location and take
precautions to prevent others from gaining access to your account access
information. you agree that you are entirely responsible for all activity in
your account, whether initiated by you, or by others. dbp specifically
disclaims liability for any activity in your account, regardless of whether
you authorized the activity.  
  
**designated agency and change of registrant information**  
  
“designated agent” means an individual or entity that the prior registrant or
new registrant explicitly authorizes to approve a change of registrant request
on its behalf. in the case of dbp services, a change of registrant request may
also arise due to instances where dbp services are added, or removed, from a
domain name. for the purpose of facilitating any such change request, and in
accordance with icann's [change of registrant
policy](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/transfer-policy-2016-06-01-en),
you agree to appoint dbp as your designated agent for the sole purpose of
explicitly consenting to material changes of registration contact information
on your behalf.

****4 . dbp's rights to deny, suspend, terminate service and to disclose your
personal information** **

you understand and agree that dbp has the absolute right and power, in its
sole discretion and without any liability to you whatsoever, to:

  1. cancel the privacy service (which means that your information will be available in the "whois" directory) and/or reveal your name and personal information that you provided to dbp
    1. when required by law, in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or in the interest of public safety;
    2. to comply with legal process served upon dbp or in response to a reasonable threat of litigation against dbp (as determined by dbp in its sole and absolute discretion); or
    3. to comply with icann rules, policies, or procedures.
  2. resolve any and all third party claims, whether threatened or made, arising out of your use of a domain name for which dbp is the registrant listed in the "whois" directory on your behalf; or
  3. take any other action dbp deems necessary:
    1. in the event you breach any provision of this agreement or the dbp anti-spam policy;
    2. to protect the integrity and stability of, and to comply with registration requirements, terms, conditions and policies of, the applicable domain name registry and/or registry provider;
    3. to comply with any applicable laws, government rules or requirements, subpoenas, court orders or requests of law enforcement;
    4. to comply with icann's dispute resolution policy or icann's change of registrant policy;
    5. to avoid any financial loss or legal liability (civil or criminal) on the part of dbp, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, agents, officers, directors and employees;
    6. if the domain name for which dbp is the registrant on your behalf violates or infringes a third party's trademark, trade name or other legal rights; and
    7. if it comes to dbp's attention that you are using dbp's services in a manner (as determined by dbp in its sole and absolute discretion) that:
      * is illegal, or promotes or encourages illegal activity;
      * promotes, encourages, or engages in the exploitation of children, or any activity related to the proliferation of child sexual abuse material (csam);
      * promotes, encourages or engages in terrorism, violence against people, animals, or property;
      * promotes, encourages or engages in any spam or other unsolicited bulk email, or computer or network hacking or cracking;
      * violates the ryan haight online pharmacy consumer protection act of 2008 or similar legislation, or promotes, encourages or engages in the sale or distribution of prescription medication without a valid prescription;
      * infringes on the intellectual property rights of another user or any other person or entity;
      * violates the privacy or publicity rights of another user or any other person or entity, or breaches any duty of confidentiality that you owe to another user or any other person or entity;
      * interferes with the operation of dbp services;
      * contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, trojan horses or other code, files or programs designed to, or capable of, disrupting, damaging or limiting the functionality of any software or hardware; or
      * contains false or deceptive language, or unsubstantiated or comparative claims, regarding dbp or its services.

you further understand and agree that if dbp is named as a defendant in, or
investigated in anticipation of, any legal or administrative proceeding
arising out of your domain name registration or your use of dbp's services,
your private registration service may be canceled, which means the domain name
registration will revert back to you and your identity will therefore be
revealed in the whois directory as registrant.  
  
in the event:

  1. dbp takes any of the actions set forth in subsection i, ii, or iii above or section 5; and/or
  2. you elect to cancel dbp's services for any reason --

neither dbp nor your registrar will refund any fees paid by you whatsoever.

****5 . communications forwarding** **

**a. correspondence forwarding**

inasmuch as dbp's name, postal address and phone number will be listed in the
whois directory, you agree dbp will review and forward communications
addressed to your domain name that are received via email, certified or
traceable courier mail (such as ups, fedex, or dhl), or first class u.s.
postal mail. you specifically acknowledge dbp will not forward to you first
class postal mail (other than legal notices), "junk" mail or other unsolicited
communications (whether delivered through email, fax, postal mail or
telephone), and you further authorize dbp to either discard all such
communications or return all such communications to sender unopened. you agree
to waive any and all claims arising from your failure to receive
communications directed to your domain name but not forwarded to you by dbp.  
  
**b. email forwarding**  
  
the whois directory requires an email address for every purchased domain name
registration. when you purchase a private domain registration, dbp creates a
private email address for that domain name, "@domainsbyproxy.com". thereafter,
when messages are sent to that private email address, dbp handles them
according to the email preference you selected for that particular domain
name. you have three (3) email preferences from which to choose. you can elect
to:  

  1. have all of the messages forwarded;
  2. have all of the messages filtered for spam and then forwarded; or
  3. have none of the messages forwarded.

  
as with all communications, you agree to waive any and all claims arising from
your failure to receive email directed to your domain name but not forwarded
to you by dbp.

**c. notifications regarding correspondence and your obligation to respond**  
when dbp receives certified or traceable courier mail or legal notices
addressed to your domain name, in most cases, dbp will attempt to forward the
mail to you via email. if you do not respond to the dbp email and/or the
correspondence dbp has received regarding your domain name registration
concerns a dispute of any kind or otherwise requires immediate disposition,
dbp may immediately reveal your identity and/or cancel the dbp private
registration service regarding either the domain name registration(s) in
question. this means the whois directory will revert to displaying your name,
postal address, email address and phone number that you provided to dbp.  
  
**d. additional administrative fees**  
  
dbp reserves the right to charge you reasonable "administrative fees" or
"processing fees" for (i) tasks dbp may perform outside the normal scope of
its services, (ii) additional time and/or costs dbp may incur in providing its
services, and/or (iii) your non-compliance with the agreement (as determined
by dbp in its sole and absolute discretion). typical administrative or
processing fee scenarios include, but are not limited to, (i) customer service
issues that require additional personal time and attention; (ii) disputes that
require accounting or legal services, whether performed by dbp staff or by
outside firms retained by dbp; (iii) recouping any and all costs and fees,
including the cost of services, incurred by dbp as the result of chargebacks
or other payment disputes brought by you, your bank or payment method
processor. these administrative fees or processing fees will be billed to the
payment method you have on file with your registrar.

you agree to waive the right to trial by jury in any proceeding that takes
place relating to or arising out of this agreement.

****6 . limitations of liability** **

under no circumstances shall dbp be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages for any reason
whatsoever related to this agreement, your domain name registration, dbp's
services, use or inability to use the dbp website or the materials and content
of the website or any other websites linked to the dbp website or your
provision of any personally identifiable information to dbp or any third
party. this limitation applies regardless of whether the alleged liability is
based on contract, tort, warranty, negligence, strict liability or any other
basis, even if dbp has been advised of the possibility of such damages or such
damages were reasonably foreseeable. because certain jurisdictions do not
permit the limitation or elimination of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, dbp's liability in such jurisdictions shall be limited to
the smallest amount permitted by law.  
  
you further understand and agree that dbp disclaims any loss or liability
resulting from:

  1. the inadvertent disclosure or theft of your personal information;
  2. access delays or interruptions to our website or the websites of our affiliated registrars;
  3. data non-delivery of mis-delivery between you and dbp;
  4. the failure for whatever reason to renew a private domain name registration;
  5. the unauthorized use of your dbp account or any of dbp's services;
  6. errors, omissions or misstatements by dbp;
  7. deletion of, failure to store, failure to process or act upon email messages forwarded to either you or your private domain name registration;
  8. processing of updated information regarding your dbp account; and/or
  9. any act or omission caused by you or your agents (whether authorized by you or not).

****7 . indemnity** **

you agree to release, defend, indemnify and hold harmless dbp, its parent
companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, agents, directors, officers
and employees and your registrar, from and against any and all claims,
demands, liabilities, losses, damages or costs, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, arising out of or related in any way to this agreement, the
services provided hereunder by dbp, the dbp website, your account with dbp,
your use of your domain name registration, and/or disputes arising in
connection with the [dispute
policy](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/udrp-rules-2015-03-11-en).

****8 . dbp warranty disclaimer** **

**dbp, its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, shareholders, agents,
directors, officers, and employees expressly disclaim all representations and
warranties of any kind in connection with this agreement, the service provided
hereunder, the dbp website or any websites linked to the dbp website, whether
express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. all
dbp services, as well as the dbp website, are provided "as is". your
subscription to and use of dbp's services and its website are entirely at your
risk. some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, in
which event the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you.**

****9 .copyright and trademark** **

you understand and agree that all content and materials contained in this
agreement, the [privacy
policy](https://www.domainsbyproxy.com/policy/showdoc.aspx?pageid=privacy) and
the dbp website [found here](https://www.domainsbyproxy.com/default.aspx), are
protected by the various copyright, patent, trademark, service mark and trade
secret laws of the united states, as well as any other applicable proprietary
rights and laws, and that dbp expressly reserves its rights in and to all such
content and materials.  
  
you further understand and agree you are prohibited from using, in any manner
whatsoever, any of the afore-described content and materials without the
express written permission of dbp. no license or right under any copyright,
patent, trademark, service mark or other proprietary right or license is
granted to you or conferred upon you by this agreement or otherwise.

****10 . miscellaneous provisions** **

**a. severability; construction; entire agreement**  
  
if any part of this agreement shall be held to be illegal, unenforceable or
invalid, in whole or in part, such provision shall be modified to the minimum
extent necessary to make it legal, enforceable and valid, and the legality,
enforceability and validity of the remaining provisions of this agreement
shall not be affected or impaired. the headings herein will not be considered
a part of this agreement. you agree this agreement, including the policies it
incorporates by reference, constitute the complete and only agreement between
you and dbp regarding the services contemplated herein.

**b. governing law; venue; waiver of trial by jury**  
  
this agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws and judicial
decisions of maricopa county, arizona, excluding its conflicts of laws rules.
except as provided immediately below, you agree that any action relating to or
arising out of this agreement, shall be brought exclusively in the courts of
maricopa county, arizona. for the adjudication of domain name registration
disputes, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the
u.s. district court for the district of arizona located in phoenix, arizona.
you agree to waive the right to trial by jury in any proceeding, regardless of
venue, that takes place relating to or arising out of this agreement.  
  
**c. notices**  
  
all notices from dbp to you will be sent to the email address you provided to
dbp. notices by email shall be deemed effective twenty-four (24) hours after
the email is sent by dbp, unless dbp receives notice that the email address is
invalid, in which event dbp may give you notice via first class or certified
mail, return receipt requested. all notices from you to dbp shall be sent via
certified mail, return receipt requested or traceable courier to:

     domains by proxy, llc  
     attn: general counsel  
     14455 north hayden rd.  
     suite 219  
     scottsdale, az 85260 

notices sent via certified mail or traceable courier shall be deemed effective
five (5) days after the date of mailing.  
  
**d. insurance**  
  
in the unlikely event you lose your domain name registration to a third party
solely as a result of dbp's negligent actions (and absent fraud or other
negligent or willful misconduct committed by a third party), you may be
insured against such loss through dbp's professional liability insurance
policy, which is currently underwritten by american international insurance
company. of course, every claim is subject to the then-carrier's investigation
into the facts and circumstances surrounding such claim. in the event you have
reason to believe that circumstances exist which warrant the filing of an
insurance claim, please send a written notice (specifying the basis for such
claim), via certified mail, return receipt requested, to:  
  
     domains by proxy, llc  
     attn: insurance claims  
     14455 north hayden rd.  
     suite 219  
     scottsdale, az 85260 

**e. indemnification**  
  
in the unlikely event you lose your domain name registration to a third party
solely as a result of dbp's willful misconduct, your registrar (the
"indemnifying party") will indemnify and hold you harmless against any losses,
damages or costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) resulting from any
claim, action, proceeding, suit or demand arising out of or related to the
loss of your domain name registration. such indemnification obligations under
this section 10(e) are conditioned upon the following:  
  

  1. that you promptly give both dbp and the indemnifying party written notice of the claim, demand, or action and provide reasonable assistance to the indemnifying party, at its cost and expense, in connection therewith, and
  2. that the indemnifying party has the right, at its option, to control and direct the defense to any settlement of such claim, demand, or action.

  
  
any notice concerning indemnification shall, with respect to dbp, be sent in
accordance with section 10(c) of this agreement. with respect to your
registrar, notices regarding indemnification should be sent in accordance with
the notification provisions contained in your registrar's domain name
registration agreement.

**f. term of agreement; survival**  
  
the terms of this agreement shall continue in full force and effect as long as
dbp is the registrant for any domain name on your behalf. sections 5
(communications forwarding), 6 (limitation of liability), 7 (indemnity), 8
(warranty disclaimer) and 10 (miscellaneous provisions) shall survive any
termination or expiration of this agreement.

ok

[

we love taking your call.

](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

sign up for news and special offers

sign up

  * about godaddy 

    * [about us](https://aboutus.godaddy.net/about-us/overview/default.aspx)
    * [newsroom](https://newsroom.godaddy.net/newsroom/overview/default.aspx)
    * [investor relations](https://investors.godaddy.net)
    * [careers](https://careers.godaddy.com)
    * [corporate responsibility](https://www.godaddy.com/godaddy-for-good)
    * [trust center](https://www.godaddy.com/trust-center)
    * [legal](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * help center 

    * [help center](https://www.godaddy.com/help)
    * [community](https://www.godaddy.com/community)
    * [godaddy blog](https://www.godaddy.com/garage)
    * [contact us](https://www.godaddy.com/help/contact-us)
    * [report abuse](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/abusereport)
  * resources 

    * [webmail](https://email.godaddy.com?_target=blank)
    * [whois](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)
    * [godaddy mobile app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
    * [icann confirmation](https://dcc.godaddy.com/icann/confirmation?marketid=en-us)
    * [designers & developers](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
    * [corporate domains](https://www.godaddy.com/corporate-domains)
    * [redeem code](https://www.godaddy.com/redemption)
    * [product catalog](https://www.godaddy.com/catalog)
    * [site map](https://www.godaddy.com/site-map)
    * [videos](https://videos.godaddy.com)
  * partner programs 

    * [affiliates](https://www.godaddy.com/affiliate-programs)
    * [reseller programs](https://www.godaddy.com/reseller-program)
    * [godaddy pro](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
  * account 

    * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
    * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/subscriptions)
    * [create account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account&marketid=en-us)
  * shopping 

    * [domains](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
    * [websites](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
    * [wordpress](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
    * [hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
    * [web security](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
    * [email & office](https://www.godaddy.com/email/professional-business-email)
    * [phone numbers](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
    * [promos](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

* * *

united states - english

choose your country/region

  * [**argentina** \- español](https://ar.godaddy.com)
  * [**australia** \- english](https://au.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgi e ** \- nederlands](https://be.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgique** \- français](https://be.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**brasil** \- portugues](https://www.godaddy.com/pt-br)
  * [**canada** \- english](https://ca.godaddy.com)
  * [**canada** \- français](https://ca.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**chile** \- español](https://cl.godaddy.com)
  * [**colombia** \- español](https://co.godaddy.com)
  * [**danmark** \- dansk](https://dk.godaddy.com)
  * [**deutschland** \- deutsch](https://de.godaddy.com)
  * [**espa ña ** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es-es)
  * [**estados unidos** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es)
  * [**france** \- français](https://www.godaddy.com/fr-fr)
  * [**hong kong** \- english](https://hk.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**india** \- english](https://in.godaddy.com)
  * [**india** \- हिंदी](https://in.godaddy.com/hi)
  * [**indonesia** \- bahasa indonesia](https://id.godaddy.com)
  * [**ireland** \- english](https://ie.godaddy.com)
  * [**israel** \- english](https://il.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**italia** \- italiano](https://it.godaddy.com)
  * [**malaysia** \- english](https://my.godaddy.com)
  * [**m exico ** \- español](https://mx.godaddy.com)
  * [**nederland** \- nederlands](https://nl.godaddy.com)
  * [**new zealand** \- english](https://nz.godaddy.com)
  * [**norge** \- bokmal](https://no.godaddy.com)
  * [**ö sterreich ** \- deutsch](https://at.godaddy.com)
  * [**pakistan** \- english](https://pk.godaddy.com)
  * [**per u ** \- español](https://pe.godaddy.com)
  * [**philippines** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com/en-ph)
  * [**polska** \- polski](https://pl.godaddy.com)
  * [**portugal** \- portugues](https://pt.godaddy.com)
  * [**schweiz** \- deutsch](https://ch.godaddy.com)
  * [**singapore** \- english](https://sg.godaddy.com)
  * [**south africa** \- english](https://za.godaddy.com)
  * [**suisse** \- français](https://ch.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**suomi** \- suomi](https://fi.godaddy.com)
  * [**sverige** \- svenska](https://se.godaddy.com)
  * [**svizzera** \- italiano](https://ch.godaddy.com/it)
  * [**t urkiye ** \- turkçe](https://tr.godaddy.com)
  * [**united arab emirates** \- english](https://ae.godaddy.com)
  * [**united kingdom** \- english](https://uk.godaddy.com)
  * [**united states** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com)
  * [**venezuela** \- español](https://ve.godaddy.com)
  * [**vi ệt nam ** \- tiếng việt](https://vn.godaddy.com)
  * [**ε λλάδα ** \- ελληνικά](https://gr.godaddy.com)
  * [**р оссия ** \- русский](https://ru.godaddy.com)
  * [**у країна ** \- українська](https://ua.godaddy.com)
  * [**ا لإمارات العربية المتحدة ** \- اللغة العربية](https://ae.godaddy.com/ar)
  * [**ไ ทย ** \- ไทย](https://th.godaddy.com)
  * [**대 한민국 ** \- 한국어](https://kr.godaddy.com)
  * [**台灣** \- 繁體中文](https://tw.godaddy.com)
  * [**新加坡** \- 简体中文](https://sg.godaddy.com/zh)
  * [**日本** \- 日本語](https://jp.godaddy.com)
  * [**香港** \- 繁體中文](https://hk.godaddy.com)

usd

usd $

aed aed ars $ aud $ brl r$ cad c$ chf chf  clp $ cny ¥ cop $ czk kč dkk kr egp
egp eur € gbp £ hkd hk$ huf ft idr rp ils ₪ inr ₹ jpy ¥ krw ₩ mad mad mxn mxn
myr rm nok kr nzd $ pen s/ php ₱ pkr ₨ pln zł ron lei rub ₽ sar sar sek kr sgd
sg$ thb ฿ try tl twd nt$ uah ₴ uyu $ vnd ₫ zar r

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.twitter.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucgh_smww9wianyyob5y6tea)

  * [ legal ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * [ privacy policy ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/privacy-policy)
  * [ advertising preferences ](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/?pid=godaddy01&aid=godaddy01&type=godaddy)
  * [ cookies ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

[do not sell my personal
information](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

copyright © 1999 - 2020 godaddy operating company, llc. all rights reserved.
the godaddy word mark is a registered trademark of godaddy operating company,
llc in the us and other countries. the “go” logo is a registered trademark of
godaddy.com, llc in the us.

use of this site is subject to express terms of use. by using this site, you
signify that you agree to be bound by these [universal terms of
service](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/universal-terms-of-service-
agreement).

