message disclaimer

## title

body

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

  * name & protect
  * build & grow
  * godaddy pro
  * more

  * [ **domain names** ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains)
  * [search for domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
  * [transfer domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-transfer)
  * [protect domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/full-domain-privacy-and-protection)
  * [explore domain extensions](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/gtld-domain-names)
  * [auctions for domain names](https://auctions.godaddy.com)
  * [generate domain & business names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-generator)
  * [investing in domain names](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-investing)
  * [find a domain owner (whois)](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)

  * [ **protect & secure** ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
  * [protect against malware & attacks](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-security)
  * [secure your website (ssl certificates)](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/ssl-certificate)
  * [back up your website](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security/website-backup)

[ learn more about domains  ](https://www.godaddy.com/domains) [ learn about
security  ](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)

  * [ **websites & stores** ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
  * [website builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/website-builder)
  * [online store builder](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/online-store)
  * [let us make your website](https://www.godaddy.com/websites/web-design)
  * [all hosting options](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
  * [web hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/web-hosting)
  * [wordpress hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
  * [manage clients & their sites](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

  * [ **connect & grow** ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)
  * [email & microsoft 365](https://www.godaddy.com/email)
  * [second mobile phone number](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
  * [digital marketing suite](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/digital-marketing-suite)
  * [download the godaddy app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
  * [let us grow your brand](https://www.godaddy.com/online-marketing/godaddy-social)
  * [earn money with godaddy](https://www.godaddy.com/become-a-partner)
  * [see our latest deals](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ explore website options  ](https://www.godaddy.com/websites) [ learn to grow
your business  ](https://www.godaddy.com/connect-grow-online)

  * **welcome to godaddy pro**
  * [**exclusively for web designers and developers** , godaddy pro offers an ever-growing set of products, tools, content and support tailored to your unique business needs.](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
[ enter godaddy pro site ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)

[ contact us 24/7 ](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

notifications

  * you have no notifications.  
they'll be here when you get 'em.

sign in

quick links

  * **control panel links:**
  * [manage domains](https://dcc.godaddy.com)
  * [manage website builder](http://account.godaddy.com/products?acctid=44)
  * [manage hosting](https://myh.godaddy.com)
  * [manage ssl certificates](https://certs.godaddy.com)
  * [manage email](http://productivity.godaddy.com?marketid=en-us)

  * **inbox links:**
  * [office 365 email login](http://sso.godaddy.com?app=o365&realm=pass&marketid=en-us)
  * [godaddy webmail login](http://email.godaddy.com?target=blank)

registered users

have an account? sign in now.

[sign
in](https://sso.godaddy.com?realm=idp&app=account&path=%2fproducts&marketid=en-
us)

new customer

new to godaddy? create an account to get started today.

[create my
account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account)

[{{displayname}}](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)

**customer #:** {{shopperid}} |  **pin:
**[view](https://account.godaddy.com/security/login-info/edit)

  * [godaddy pro](https://pro.godaddy.com)
  * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
  * [account settings](https://account.godaddy.com)
  * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/billing?filter=expires&subfilter=90)

[visit my account](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
[log out](https://sso.godaddy.com/logout?realm=idp)

[ checkout now ](https://cart.godaddy.com)

godaddy

# trademark/copyright infringement

****respecting intellectual property****

godaddy.com, llc ("godaddy") supports the protection of intellectual property.
whether you are the holder of a trademark, service mark, or copyright, godaddy
is committed to helping you protect your legal rights. therefore, we have
established the following policies for considering trademark and/or copyright
infringement claims.

****domain name dispute claims****

please refer to the uniform domain name dispute resolution policy (the "udrp")
if you have a concern or dispute about a registered domain name. any dispute
regarding the registration of domain names will need to be sent either to the
registrant, to an [icann-approved arbitration
provider](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/providers-6d-2012-02-25-en),
or the court system. please review our [attorney
tips](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/subpoena-policy) for more
information about submitting copies of court and legal documents to godaddy.

this trademark/copyright infringement policy specifically excludes domain name
disputes and has been established to allow reporting of possible violations
involving other godaddy products and services.

****go daddy auctions and premium domain name dispute claims****

  1. to notify godaddy that there has been a trademark violation regarding a domain offered for sale on godaddy auctions or as a premium domain name, please follow the specific instructions in (a) below for filing a trademark claim.

  2. if you are responding to a complaint of infringement regarding a domain offered for sale on godaddy auctions or as a premium domain name, follow our counter notification policy in (c) below.

****copyright and trademark claims****

  1. to notify godaddy that there has been a copyright or trademark violation, please follow the specific instructions in (a) for filing a trademark claim, or (b) filing a copyright complaint.

  2. if you are responding to a complaint of infringement, you will need to follow our counter notification policy in (c).

**a. trademark claims**

  1. if you (the "complaining party") would like to submit a trademark claim for violation of a mark on which you hold a valid, registered trademark or service mark (registered with the united states patent and trademark office on the principal register or, for foreign marks, registered with the appropriate intellectual property organization of your country; state registrations and registrations on the supplemental register are not considered valid for these purposes), godaddy requests that the complaining party substantiate such claim by either: (i) filling out the form available [here](javascript:void\(window.open\('https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/infringement/index?isc=',%20'display5',%20'left=0,top=0,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes'\)\);), or (ii) providing the following information via email to [trademarkclaims@godaddy.com](mailto:trademarkclaims@godaddy.com). the words "trademark claim" should appear in the subject line of the email. **please note: filling out the online form is the quickest way to get your claim addressed.**   
  
to be considered effective, a notification of a claimed trademark violation
must include the following information:

    * the trademark, service mark, trade dress, name, or other indicia of origin ("mark") that is claimed to be infringed, including registration number.
    * the jurisdiction or geographical area to which the mark applies.
    * the name, post office address and telephone number of the owner of the mark identified above.
    * the goods and/or services covered by or offered under the mark identified above.
    * the date of first use of the mark identified above.
    * the date of first use in interstate commerce of the mark identified above.
    * a description of the manner in which the complaining party believes its mark is being infringed upon.
    * sufficient evidence that the owner of the website that is claimed to be infringing is a godaddy customer.
    * the precise location of the infringing mark, including electronic mail address, etc.
    * a good faith certification, signed under penalty of perjury, stating: 
      1. the content of the website [identify website] infringes the rights of another party,
      2. the name of such said party,
      3. the mark [identify mark] being infringed, and
      4. that use of the content of the website claimed to be infringing at issue is not defensible.

  2. upon receipt of the appropriate information identified in section 1 above, for trademark claims, godaddy will initiate an investigation and forward the complaining party’s written notification to the alleged infringer. while godaddy is investigating the claim, godaddy, at its sole discretion and without any legal obligation to do so, may temporarily remove the allegedly infringing material from godaddy auctions, notify the alleged infringer it will lock down the domain name(s), redirect the dns, and/or if it is solely stored on a godaddy server, temporarily remove or deny access to the allegedly infringing material.
  3. if godaddy concludes that the complaining party has raised a legitimate trademark claim, it may, at its sole discretion and without any legal obligation to do so, permanently remove the challenged material from godaddy auctions, continue to suspend the alleged infringer's godaddy account and/or if it is solely stored on a godaddy server, deny access to the allegedly infringing material. if godaddy concludes that the complaining party has not raised a legitimate claim, godaddy will restore access to the allegedly infringing material.
  4. the complaining party should understand that godaddy, an icann accredited registrar, and its customers are bound by the udrp. nothing in this policy should be construed to supersede the udrp, nor the obligation of godaddy and its customers to abide by it in the context of domain name disputes.

**b. copyright claims**

  1. if the complaining party would like to submit a copyright claim for material on which you hold a bona fide copyright, godaddy requests that the complaining party substantiate such claim by either: (i) filling out the form available [here](javascript:void\(window.open\('https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/infringement/index?isc=',%20'display5',%20'left=0,top=0,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes'\)\);), or (ii) providing the following information via email to [copyrightclaims@godaddy.com](mailto:copyrightclaims@godaddy.com). the words "copyright claim" should appear in the subject line of the email. a copyright claim can also be submitted by mail to: copyright agent, godaddy, 14455 n. hayden road, suite 219, scottsdale, az 85260. **please note: filling out the online form is the quickest way to get your claim addressed.**   
  
to be considered effective, a notification of a claimed copyright infringement
must be provided to godaddy and must include the following information:

    1. an electronic signature of the copyright owner, or a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive copyright that has allegedly been infringed.
    2. identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works on that site.
    3. identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit godaddy to locate the material.
    4. information reasonably sufficient to permit godaddy to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
    5. a statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
    6. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is the owner, or is authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
  2. for copyright claims, upon receipt of appropriate notification from the complaining party, pursuant to section 1 of copyright claims above, godaddy will initiate an investigation and forward the complaining party's written notification to the alleged infringer. while godaddy is investigating the claim, godaddy, at its sole discretion and without any legal obligation to do so, may notify the alleged infringer it will lock down the domain name(s), redirect the dns, and/or if it is solely stored on a godaddy server, temporarily remove or deny access to the allegedly infringing material.
  3. if godaddy concludes that the complaining party has raised a legitimate copyright claim, it will continue to suspend the alleged infringer's godaddy account and/or if it is solely stored on a godaddy server, deny access to the allegedly infringing material. if godaddy concludes that the complaining party has not raised a legitimate claim, godaddy will restore access to the allegedly infringing material.

****c. counter notification policy****

  1. counter notification. if you have received a notice of copyright or trademark infringement that you wish to challenge based on a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled, you may provide counter notification by emailing [copyrightclaims@godaddy.com](mailto:copyrightclaims@godaddy.com) or [trademarkclaims@godaddy.com](mailto:trademarkclaims@godaddy.com) and including the following: 
    1. an electronic signature of the alleged infringer.
    2. identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
    3. a statement under penalty of perjury that the alleged infringer has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
    4. the alleged infringer's name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the infringer consents to the jurisdiction of the federal district court for the judicial district of arizona, or if the alleged infringer's address is outside of the united states, for any judicial district in which godaddy may be found, and that the alleged infringer will accept service of process from the complaining party or an agent of such party.
  2. upon receipt of a counter notification as described in section 1 above, godaddy shall promptly provide the complaining party with a copy of the counter notification, and inform such party that it will replace the removed material or cease disabling access to it in ten (10) business days. godaddy will replace the removed material and cease disabling access to it in not less than ten (10), nor more than fourteen (14), business days following receipt of the counter notification, unless godaddy first receives notice from the complaining party that such complaining party has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the alleged infringer from engaging in infringing activity relating to the material on godaddy's system or network.

****d. repeat infringers****

it is godaddy's policy to provide for the termination, in appropriate
circumstances, of godaddy customers and account holders who repeatedly violate
this policy or are repeat infringers of copyrighted works, trademarks or any
other intellectual property.

ok

[

we love taking your call.

](https://www.godaddy.com/help)

sign up for news and special offers

sign up

  * about godaddy 

    * [about us](https://aboutus.godaddy.net/about-us/overview/default.aspx)
    * [newsroom](https://newsroom.godaddy.net/newsroom/overview/default.aspx)
    * [investor relations](https://investors.godaddy.net)
    * [careers](https://careers.godaddy.com)
    * [corporate responsibility](https://www.godaddy.com/godaddy-for-good)
    * [trust center](https://www.godaddy.com/trust-center)
    * [legal](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * help center 

    * [help center](https://www.godaddy.com/help)
    * [community](https://www.godaddy.com/community)
    * [godaddy blog](https://www.godaddy.com/garage)
    * [contact us](https://www.godaddy.com/help/contact-us)
    * [report abuse](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/abusereport)
  * resources 

    * [webmail](https://email.godaddy.com?_target=blank)
    * [whois](https://www.godaddy.com/whois)
    * [godaddy mobile app](https://www.godaddy.com/apps/godaddy-app)
    * [icann confirmation](https://dcc.godaddy.com/icann/confirmation?marketid=en-us)
    * [designers & developers](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
    * [corporate domains](https://www.godaddy.com/corporate-domains)
    * [redeem code](https://www.godaddy.com/redemption)
    * [product catalog](https://www.godaddy.com/catalog)
    * [site map](https://www.godaddy.com/site-map)
    * [videos](https://videos.godaddy.com)
  * partner programs 

    * [affiliates](https://www.godaddy.com/affiliate-programs)
    * [reseller programs](https://www.godaddy.com/reseller-program)
    * [godaddy pro](https://www.godaddy.com/pro)
  * account 

    * [my products](https://account.godaddy.com/products?go_redirect=disabled)
    * [renewals & billing](https://account.godaddy.com/subscriptions)
    * [create account](https://sso.godaddy.com/account/create?realm=idp&path=%2fproducts&app=account&marketid=en-us)
  * shopping 

    * [domains](https://www.godaddy.com/domains/domain-name-search)
    * [websites](https://www.godaddy.com/websites)
    * [wordpress](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting/wordpress-hosting)
    * [hosting](https://www.godaddy.com/hosting)
    * [web security](https://www.godaddy.com/web-security)
    * [email & office](https://www.godaddy.com/email/professional-business-email)
    * [phone numbers](https://www.godaddy.com/smartline/second-phone-number)
    * [promos](https://www.godaddy.com/promos/coupon-promo-codes)

[ ](https://www.godaddy.com)

* * *

united states - english

choose your country/region

  * [**argentina** \- español](https://ar.godaddy.com)
  * [**australia** \- english](https://au.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgi e ** \- nederlands](https://be.godaddy.com)
  * [**belgique** \- français](https://be.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**brasil** \- portugues](https://www.godaddy.com/pt-br)
  * [**canada** \- english](https://ca.godaddy.com)
  * [**canada** \- français](https://ca.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**chile** \- español](https://cl.godaddy.com)
  * [**colombia** \- español](https://co.godaddy.com)
  * [**danmark** \- dansk](https://dk.godaddy.com)
  * [**deutschland** \- deutsch](https://de.godaddy.com)
  * [**espa ña ** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es-es)
  * [**estados unidos** \- español](https://www.godaddy.com/es)
  * [**france** \- français](https://www.godaddy.com/fr-fr)
  * [**hong kong** \- english](https://hk.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**india** \- english](https://in.godaddy.com)
  * [**india** \- हिंदी](https://in.godaddy.com/hi)
  * [**indonesia** \- bahasa indonesia](https://id.godaddy.com)
  * [**ireland** \- english](https://ie.godaddy.com)
  * [**israel** \- english](https://il.godaddy.com/en)
  * [**italia** \- italiano](https://it.godaddy.com)
  * [**malaysia** \- english](https://my.godaddy.com)
  * [**m exico ** \- español](https://mx.godaddy.com)
  * [**nederland** \- nederlands](https://nl.godaddy.com)
  * [**new zealand** \- english](https://nz.godaddy.com)
  * [**norge** \- bokmal](https://no.godaddy.com)
  * [**ö sterreich ** \- deutsch](https://at.godaddy.com)
  * [**pakistan** \- english](https://pk.godaddy.com)
  * [**per u ** \- español](https://pe.godaddy.com)
  * [**philippines** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com/en-ph)
  * [**polska** \- polski](https://pl.godaddy.com)
  * [**portugal** \- portugues](https://pt.godaddy.com)
  * [**schweiz** \- deutsch](https://ch.godaddy.com)
  * [**singapore** \- english](https://sg.godaddy.com)
  * [**south africa** \- english](https://za.godaddy.com)
  * [**suisse** \- français](https://ch.godaddy.com/fr)
  * [**suomi** \- suomi](https://fi.godaddy.com)
  * [**sverige** \- svenska](https://se.godaddy.com)
  * [**svizzera** \- italiano](https://ch.godaddy.com/it)
  * [**t urkiye ** \- turkçe](https://tr.godaddy.com)
  * [**united arab emirates** \- english](https://ae.godaddy.com)
  * [**united kingdom** \- english](https://uk.godaddy.com)
  * [**united states** \- english](https://www.godaddy.com)
  * [**venezuela** \- español](https://ve.godaddy.com)
  * [**vi ệt nam ** \- tiếng việt](https://vn.godaddy.com)
  * [**ε λλάδα ** \- ελληνικά](https://gr.godaddy.com)
  * [**р оссия ** \- русский](https://ru.godaddy.com)
  * [**у країна ** \- українська](https://ua.godaddy.com)
  * [**ا لإمارات العربية المتحدة ** \- اللغة العربية](https://ae.godaddy.com/ar)
  * [**ไ ทย ** \- ไทย](https://th.godaddy.com)
  * [**대 한민국 ** \- 한국어](https://kr.godaddy.com)
  * [**台灣** \- 繁體中文](https://tw.godaddy.com)
  * [**新加坡** \- 简体中文](https://sg.godaddy.com/zh)
  * [**日本** \- 日本語](https://jp.godaddy.com)
  * [**香港** \- 繁體中文](https://hk.godaddy.com)

usd

usd $

aed aed ars $ aud $ brl r$ cad c$ chf chf  clp $ cny ¥ cop $ czk kč dkk kr egp
egp eur € gbp £ hkd hk$ huf ft idr rp ils ₪ inr ₹ jpy ¥ krw ₩ mad mad mxn mxn
myr rm nok kr nzd $ pen s/ php ₱ pkr ₨ pln zł ron lei rub ₽ sar sar sek kr sgd
sg$ thb ฿ try tl twd nt$ uah ₴ uyu $ vnd ₫ zar r

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.twitter.com/godaddy)
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucgh_smww9wianyyob5y6tea)

  * [ legal ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements)
  * [ privacy policy ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/privacy-policy)
  * [ advertising preferences ](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/?pid=godaddy01&aid=godaddy01&type=godaddy)
  * [ cookies ](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

[do not sell my personal
information](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/cookie-policy)

copyright © 1999 - 2020 godaddy operating company, llc. all rights reserved.
the godaddy word mark is a registered trademark of godaddy operating company,
llc in the us and other countries. the “go” logo is a registered trademark of
godaddy.com, llc in the us.

use of this site is subject to express terms of use. by using this site, you
signify that you agree to be bound by these [universal terms of
service](https://www.godaddy.com/legal/agreements/universal-terms-of-service-
agreement).

