[privacy & terms](/ "privacy & terms")

[](https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/products)

[sign
in](https://accounts.google.com/servicelogin?passive=1209600&continue=https://policies.google.com/technologies/pattern-
recognition?hl%3den&followup=https://policies.google.com/technologies/pattern-
recognition?hl%3den&hl=en&ec=gazaoqq)

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)

#
[![google](https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_74x24dp.png)](https://www.google.com/?hl=en)

# privacy & terms

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
    * [advertising](technologies/ads?hl=en)
    * [how google uses cookies](technologies/cookies?hl=en)
    * [how google uses pattern recognition](technologies/pattern-recognition?hl=en)
    * [how google uses location information](technologies/location-data?hl=en)
    * [how google uses credit card numbers for payments](technologies/wallet?hl=en)
    * [how google voice works](technologies/voice?hl=en)
    * [google product privacy guide](technologies/product-privacy?hl=en)
    * [how google retains data we collect](technologies/retention?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)

[privacy & terms](/ "privacy & terms")

#
[![google](https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_74x24dp.png)](https://www.google.com/?hl=en)

## [privacy & terms](?hl=en)

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)
  * [google account](https://myaccount.google.com/?hl=en)

  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [advertising](technologies/ads?hl=en)
  * [how google uses cookies](technologies/cookies?hl=en)
  * how google uses pattern recognition
  * [how google uses location information](technologies/location-data?hl=en)
  * [how google uses credit card numbers for payments](technologies/wallet?hl=en)
  * [how google voice works](technologies/voice?hl=en)
  * [google product privacy guide](technologies/product-privacy?hl=en)
  * [how google retains data we collect](technologies/retention?hl=en)

# how google uses pattern recognition

## how google uses pattern recognition to make sense of images

computers don’t “see” photos and videos in the same way that people do. when
you look at a photo, you might see your best friend standing in front of her
house. from a computer’s perspective, that same image is simply a bunch of
data that it may interpret as shapes and information about color values. while
a computer won’t react like you do when you see that photo, a computer can be
trained to recognize certain patterns of color and shapes. for example, a
computer might be trained to recognize the common patterns of shapes and
colors that make up a digital image of a landscape such as a beach or an
object like a car. this technology helps google photos organize your photos
and lets users find any photo with a simple search.

a computer might also be trained to recognize the common patterns of shapes
and colors that make up a digital image of a face. this process is known as
face detection, and it’s the technology that helps google to protect your
privacy on services like street view, where computers try to detect and then
blur the faces of any people that may have been standing on the street as the
street view car drove by.

if you get a little more advanced, the same pattern recognition technology
that powers face detection can help a computer to understand characteristics
of the face it has detected. for example, there might be certain patterns that
suggest a face is smiling or has its eyes closed. information like this can be
used to help with features like google photos’ suggestions of movies and other
effects created from your photos and videos.

similar technology also powers the face grouping feature available in google
photos in certain countries, which helps computers detect similar faces and
group them together, making it easier for users to search and manage their
photos. read more about [face grouping in the google photos help
center](https://support.google.com/photos/answer/6128838?hl=en).

## how voice search works

voice search allows you to provide a voice query to a google search client
application on a device instead of typing that query. it uses pattern
recognition to transcribe spoken words to written text. we send the utterances
to google servers in order to recognize what was said by you.

for each voice query made to voice search, we store the language, the country
and our system’s guess of what was said. we keep utterances to improve our
services, including to train the system to better recognize the correct search
query if you have given your consent to such data use. we do not send any
utterances to google unless you have indicated an intent to use the voice
search function (for example, pressing the microphone icon in the quick search
bar or in the virtual keyboard or saying “google” when the quick search bar
indicates that the voice search function is available).

change language:afrikaansbahasa indonesiabahasa
melayucatalàčeštinadanskdeutscheestienglishenglish (united
kingdom)españolespañol (latinoamérica)euskarafilipinofrançaisfrançais
(canada)galegohrvatskiisizuluíslenskaitalianokiswahililatviešulietuviųmagyarnederlandsnorskpolskiportuguês
(brasil)português (portugal)românăslovenčinaslovenščinasrpskisuomisvenskatiếng
việttürkçeελληνικάбългарскирусскийсрпскиукраїнська‫עברית‬‫اردو‬‫العربية‬‫فارسی‬አማርኛमराठीहिन्दीবাংলাગુજરાતીதமிழ்తెలుగుಕನ್ನಡമലയാളംไทย한국어中文
(香港)中文（简体中文）中文（繁體中文）日本語

  * [google](https://www.google.com/)
  * [about google](https://about.google/)
  * [privacy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms](terms?hl=en)

google apps

main menu

