[privacy & terms](/ "privacy & terms")

[](https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/products)

[sign
in](https://accounts.google.com/servicelogin?passive=1209600&continue=https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl%3den&followup=https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl%3den&hl=en&ec=gazaoqq)

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)

#
[![google](https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_74x24dp.png)](https://www.google.com/?hl=en)

# privacy & terms

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
    * [advertising](technologies/ads?hl=en)
    * [how google uses cookies](technologies/cookies?hl=en)
    * [how google uses pattern recognition](technologies/pattern-recognition?hl=en)
    * [how google uses location information](technologies/location-data?hl=en)
    * [how google uses credit card numbers for payments](technologies/wallet?hl=en)
    * [how google voice works](technologies/voice?hl=en)
    * [google product privacy guide](technologies/product-privacy?hl=en)
    * [how google retains data we collect](technologies/retention?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)

[privacy & terms](/ "privacy & terms")

#
[![google](https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_74x24dp.png)](https://www.google.com/?hl=en)

## [privacy & terms](?hl=en)

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)
  * [google account](https://myaccount.google.com/?hl=en)

  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [advertising](technologies/ads?hl=en)
  *     * [how google uses cookies](technologies/cookies?hl=en#how-google-uses-cookies)
    * [types of cookies used by google](technologies/cookies?hl=en#types-of-cookies)
    * [managing cookies in your browser](technologies/cookies?hl=en#managing-cookies)
  * [how google uses pattern recognition](technologies/pattern-recognition?hl=en)
  * [how google uses location information](technologies/location-data?hl=en)
  * [how google uses credit card numbers for payments](technologies/wallet?hl=en)
  * [how google voice works](technologies/voice?hl=en)
  * [google product privacy guide](technologies/product-privacy?hl=en)
  * [how google retains data we collect](technologies/retention?hl=en)

[types of cookies used by google](technologies/cookies?hl=en#types-of-cookies)

[managing cookies in your browser](technologies/cookies?hl=en#managing-
cookies)

# how google uses cookies

a cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit.
it helps the site remember information about your visit, which can make it
easier to visit the site again and make the site more useful to you.

for example, we use cookies to remember your preferred language, to make the
ads you see more relevant to you, to count how many visitors we receive to a
page, to help you sign up for our services, to protect your data, and to
remember your [ad settings](https://adssettings.google.com/?utm_source=ps-
tech&hl=en).

this page describes the types of cookies used by google. it also explains how
google and our partners [use cookies in advertising](technologies/ads?hl=en).
see the [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en) to learn how we protect your privacy
in our use of cookies and other information.

# types of cookies used by google

some or all of the cookies described below may be stored in your browser. to
manage how cookies are used, you can refuse the use of certain cookies through
your google personalization settings anytime by visiting
[g.co/privacytools](https://g.co/privacytools). you can also [manage cookies
in your browser](technologies/cookies?hl=en#managing-cookies) (though browsers
for mobile devices may not offer this visibility). for example, if you use
google chrome as your browser, you can visit chrome://settings/cookies.

### functionality

cookies used for functionality allow users to interact with a service or site
to access features that are fundamental to that service. things considered
fundamental to the service include preferences like the user’s choice of
language, product optimizations that help maintain and improve a service, and
maintaining information relating to a user’s session, such as the content of a
shopping cart.

some cookies are used to maintain a user’s preferences. for example, most
people who use google services have a cookie called ‘nid’ in their browsers.
this cookie contains a unique id used to remember your preferences and other
information such as your preferred language, how many search results you
prefer to have shown on a results page (for example, 10 or 20), and whether
you want to have google’s safesearch filter turned on. each nid cookie expires
6 months from a user’s last use. a cookie called ‘visitor_info1_live’ serves a
similar purpose for youtube and is also used to detect and resolve problems
with the service.

youtube uses the ‘pref’ cookie to store information such as a user’s preferred
page configuration and playback preferences like autoplay, shuffle content,
and player size. for youtube music, these preferences include volume, repeat
mode, and autoplay. this cookie expires 8 months from a user’s last use.

some cookies are used to maintain and enhance a user’s experience during a
specific browsing session. for example ‘ysc’ is used by youtube to remember
user input and associate a user’s actions. this cookie lasts for as long as
the user keeps their browser open. the cookie ‘pm_sess’ also helps maintain a
user’s browser session and lasts for 30 minutes.

some cookies improve the performance of google services. for example, ‘cgic’
improves the delivery of search results by autocompleting search queries based
on a user’s initial input. this cookie lasts for 6 months.

### security

cookies used for security authenticate users, prevent fraud, and protect users
as they interact with a service.

some cookies are used to authenticate users, helping ensure that only the
actual owner of an account can access that account. for example, cookies
called ‘sid’ and ‘hsid’ contain digitally signed and encrypted records of a
user’s google account id and most recent sign-in time. the combination of
these cookies allows us to block many types of attack, such as attempts to
steal the content of forms submitted in google services.

some cookies are used to prevent spam, fraud, and abuse. for example, the
‘pm_sess’ and ‘ysc’ cookies ensure that requests within a browsing session are
made by the user and not by other sites. both cookies prevent malicious sites
acting without a user’s knowledge and as if they were that user.

### analytics

cookies used for analytics help collect data that allows services to
understand how users interact with a particular service. these insights allow
services both to improve content and to build better features that improve the
user’s experience.

some cookies help sites understand how their visitors engage with their
properties. for example, [google
analytics](https://analytics.google.com/analytics/academy/?hl=en), a google
product that helps site and app owners understand how people engage with a
service, uses a set of cookies to collect information and report site usage
statistics without personally identifying individual visitors to google. ‘_ga’
is the main cookie used by google analytics. ‘_ga’ enables a service to
distinguish one user from another and lasts for 2 years. it’s used by any site
that implements google analytics, including google services.

google services also use analytics cookies like these, as well as others like
‘nid’ on google search and ‘visitor_info1_live’ on youtube.

### advertising

google uses cookies for advertising, including serving and rendering ads,
personalizing ads (depending on your ad settings at
[g.co/adsettings](https://g.co/adsettings)), limiting the number of times an
ad is shown to a user, muting ads you have chosen to stop seeing, and
measuring the effectiveness of ads.

  * ‘anid’ is used for these purposes to show google ads in google services for signed-in users
  * ‘nid’ is used for these purposes to show google ads in google services for signed-out users
  * ‘ide’ is used for these purposes to show google ads on non-google sites

other google services like youtube may also use these cookies and cookies like
‘visitor_info1_live’ to show more relevant ads.

if you have personalized ads enabled, ‘anid’ is used to remember this setting
and lasts for 13 months in the european economic area (eea), switzerland, and
the united kingdom (uk), and 24 months everywhere else. if you have disabled
personalized ads, ‘anid’ is used to store that setting until 2030. ‘nid’
expires 6 months from a user’s last use. ‘ide’ lasts for 13 months in the eea,
switzerland, and the uk and 24 months everywhere else.

some cookies used for advertising are for users who sign in to use google
services. for example, ‘dsid’ is used to identify a signed-in user on non-
google sites and to remember whether the user has agreed to ad
personalization. it lasts for 2 weeks.

through google’s advertising platform, businesses can advertise in google
services as well as on non-google sites that partner with google.

some cookies support google showing ads on third-party sites, and are set in
the domain of the website you visit. for example, ‘_gads’ enables sites to
show google ads, including personalized ads. cookies that start with ‘_gac_’
come from google analytics and are used by advertisers to measure user
activity and the performance of their ad campaigns. the ‘_gads’ cookie lasts
for 13 months and the ‘_gac_’ cookies last for 90 days.

some cookies are used to measure ad and campaign performance and conversion
rates for google ads on a site you visit. for example, cookies that start with
‘_gcl_’ come from google analytics and are primarily used to help advertisers
determine how many times users who click on their ads end up taking an action
on their site, such as making a purchase. cookies used for measuring
conversion rates aren’t used to personalize ads. ‘_gcl_’ cookies last for 90
days.

### personalization

cookies used for personalization enhance the user’s experience by providing
personalized content and features.

depending on your settings at [g.co/privacytools](https://g.co/privacytools),
some cookies enable better recommendations within a service. for example,
‘visitor_info1_live’ enables personalized recommendations on youtube based on
past views and searches. and ‘nid’ enables personalized autocomplete features
in search as users type search terms. these cookies expire 6 months after a
user’s last use.

# managing cookies in your browser

most browsers allow you to manage how cookies are set and used as you’re
browsing, and to clear cookies and browsing data. also, your browser may have
settings allowing you to manage cookies on a site-by-site basis. for example,
google chrome’s settings allow you to delete existing cookies, allow or block
all cookies, and set cookie preferences for websites. google chrome also has
[incognito mode](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95464?hl=en), which
doesn’t store your chrome history of visited sites or cookies on your device
after you close all incognito windows.

change language:afrikaansbahasa indonesiabahasa
melayucatalàčeštinadanskdeutscheestienglishenglish (united
kingdom)españolespañol (latinoamérica)euskarafilipinofrançaisfrançais
(canada)galegohrvatskiisizuluíslenskaitalianokiswahililatviešulietuviųmagyarnederlandsnorskpolskiportuguês
(brasil)português (portugal)românăslovenčinaslovenščinasrpskisuomisvenskatiếng
việttürkçeελληνικάбългарскирусскийсрпскиукраїнська‫עברית‬‫اردو‬‫العربية‬‫فارسی‬አማርኛमराठीहिन्दीবাংলাગુજરાતીதமிழ்తెలుగుಕನ್ನಡമലയാളംไทย한국어中文
(香港)中文（简体中文）中文（繁體中文）日本語

  * [google](https://www.google.com/)
  * [about google](https://about.google/)
  * [privacy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms](terms?hl=en)

google apps

main menu

