[privacy & terms](/ "privacy & terms")

[](https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/products)

[sign
in](https://accounts.google.com/servicelogin?passive=1209600&continue=https://policies.google.com/technologies/retention?hl%3den&followup=https://policies.google.com/technologies/retention?hl%3den&hl=en&ec=gazaoqq)

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)

#
[![google](https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_74x24dp.png)](https://www.google.com/?hl=en)

# privacy & terms

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
    * [advertising](technologies/ads?hl=en)
    * [how google uses cookies](technologies/cookies?hl=en)
    * [how google uses pattern recognition](technologies/pattern-recognition?hl=en)
    * [how google uses location information](technologies/location-data?hl=en)
    * [how google uses credit card numbers for payments](technologies/wallet?hl=en)
    * [how google voice works](technologies/voice?hl=en)
    * [google product privacy guide](technologies/product-privacy?hl=en)
    * [how google retains data we collect](technologies/retention?hl=en)
      * [how google anonymizes data](technologies/anonymization?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)

[privacy & terms](/ "privacy & terms")

#
[![google](https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_74x24dp.png)](https://www.google.com/?hl=en)

## [privacy & terms](?hl=en)

  * [overview](?hl=en)
  * [privacy policy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms of service](terms?hl=en)
  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [faq](faq?hl=en)
  * [google account](https://myaccount.google.com/?hl=en)

  * [technologies](technologies?hl=en)
  * [advertising](technologies/ads?hl=en)
  * [how google uses cookies](technologies/cookies?hl=en)
  * [how google uses pattern recognition](technologies/pattern-recognition?hl=en)
  * [how google uses location information](technologies/location-data?hl=en)
  * [how google uses credit card numbers for payments](technologies/wallet?hl=en)
  * [how google voice works](technologies/voice?hl=en)
  * [google product privacy guide](technologies/product-privacy?hl=en)
  * how google retains data we collect
    * [how google anonymizes data](technologies/anonymization?hl=en)

# how google retains data we collect

we collect data as you use google services. what we collect, why we collect
it, and how you can manage your information are described in our [privacy
policy](privacy?hl=en#infocollect). this retention policy describes why we
hold onto different types of data for different periods of time.

some data you can delete whenever you like, some data is deleted
automatically, and some data we retain for longer periods of time when
necessary. when you delete data, we follow a deletion policy to make sure that
your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only
in anonymized form. [how google anonymizes
data](technologies/anonymization?hl=en)

## information retained until you remove it

we offer a range of services that allow you to correct or delete data stored
in your google account. for example, you can:

  * [edit your personal info](https://myaccount.google.com/personal-info?hl=en)
  * delete [items from my activity](https://myactivity.google.com/myactivity?hl=en)
  * delete content like [photos](https://support.google.com/photos/answer/6128858?hl=en) and [documents](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/6023494?hl=en)
  * remove a [product from your google account](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/81987?hl=en)
  * [delete your google account](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32046?hl=en) entirely

we’ll keep this data in your google account until you choose to remove it. and
if you use our services without signing in to a google account, we also offer
you the ability to delete some information linked to what you use to access
our services, like a device, browser or app.

## data that expires after a specific period of time

in some cases, rather than provide a way to delete data, we store it for a
predetermined period of time. for each type of data, we set retention
timeframes based on the reason for its collection. for example, to ensure that
our services display properly on many different types of devices, we may
retain browser width and height for up to 9 months. we also take steps to
anonymize certain data within set time periods. for example, we [anonymize
advertising data](technologies/ads?hl=en) in server logs by removing part of
the ip address after 9 months and cookie information after 18 months.

## information retained until your google account is deleted

we keep some data for the life of your google account if it’s useful for
helping us understand how users interact with our features and how we can
improve our services. for example, after you [delete a specific google
search](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/465?hl=en) from my
activity, we might keep information about how often you search for things, but
not what you searched for. when you delete your google account, the
information about how often you search for things is also removed.

## information retained for extended time periods for limited purposes

sometimes business and legal requirements oblige us to retain certain
information, for specific purposes, for an extended period of time. for
example, when google processes a payment for you, or when you make a payment
to google, we’ll retain this data for longer periods of time as required for
tax or accounting purposes. reasons we might retain some data for longer
periods of time include:

  * [security, fraud & abuse prevention](technologies/retention?hl=en#purpose-security)
  * [financial record-keeping](technologies/retention?hl=en#purpose-financial)
  * [complying with legal or regulatory requirements](technologies/retention?hl=en#purpose-regulatory)
  * [ensuring the continuity of our services](technologies/retention?hl=en#purpose-continuity)
  * [direct communications with google](technologies/retention?hl=en#purpose-comms)

## enabling safe and complete deletion

when you delete data in your google account, we immediately start the process
of removing it from the product and our systems. first, we aim to immediately
remove it from view and the data may no longer be used to personalize your
google experience. for example, if you delete a video you watched from your my
activity dashboard, youtube will immediately stop showing your watch progress
for that video.

we then begin a process designed to safely and completely delete the data from
our storage systems. safe deletion is important to protect our users and
customers from accidental data loss. complete deletion of data from our
servers is equally important for users’ peace of mind. this process generally
takes around 2 months from the time of deletion. this often includes up to a
month-long recovery period in case the data was removed unintentionally.

each google storage system from which data gets deleted has its own detailed
process for safe and complete deletion. this might involve repeated passes
through the system to confirm all data has been deleted, or brief delays to
allow for recovery from mistakes. as a result, deletion could sometimes take
longer when extra time is needed to safely and completely delete the data.

our services also use encrypted backup storage as another layer of protection
to help recover from potential disasters. data can remain on these systems for
up to 6 months.

as with any deletion process, things like routine maintenance, unexpected
outages, bugs, or failures in our protocols may cause delays in the processes
and timeframes defined in this article. we maintain systems designed to detect
and remediate such issues.

### security, fraud & abuse prevention

#### description

to protect you, other people, and google from fraud, abuse, and unauthorized
access.

#### scenarios

for example, when google suspects someone is committing ad fraud.

### financial record-keeping

#### description

when google is a party to a financial transaction, including when google
processes your payment or when you make a payment to google. lengthy retention
of this information is often required for purposes such as accounting, dispute
resolution and compliance with tax, escheatment, anti-money laundering, and
other financial regulations.

#### scenarios

for example, when you purchase apps from the [play
store](https://play.google.com/store?hl=en) or products from the [google
store](https://store.google.com/?hl=en).

### complying with legal or regulatory requirements

#### description

to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable
governmental request, or is required to enforce applicable terms of service,
including investigation of potential violations.

#### scenarios

for example, if google receives a lawful subpoena.

### ensuring the continuity of our services

#### description

to ensure continuity of service for you and other users.

#### scenarios

for example, when you share information with other users (such as when you
have sent an email to someone else), deleting it from your google account will
not eliminate copies maintained by the recipients.

### direct communications with google

#### description

if you have directly communicated with google, through a customer support
channel, feedback form, or a bug report, google may retain reasonable records
of those communications.

#### scenarios

for example, when you send feedback within a google app like gmail or drive.

change language:afrikaansbahasa indonesiabahasa
melayucatalàčeštinadanskdeutscheestienglishenglish (united
kingdom)españolespañol (latinoamérica)euskarafilipinofrançaisfrançais
(canada)galegohrvatskiisizuluíslenskaitalianokiswahililatviešulietuviųmagyarnederlandsnorskpolskiportuguês
(brasil)português (portugal)românăslovenčinaslovenščinasrpskisuomisvenskatiếng
việttürkçeελληνικάбългарскирусскийсрпскиукраїнська‫עברית‬‫اردو‬‫العربية‬‫فارسی‬አማርኛमराठीहिन्दीবাংলাગુજરાતીதமிழ்తెలుగుಕನ್ನಡമലയാളംไทย한국어中文
(香港)中文（简体中文）中文（繁體中文）日本語

  * [google](https://www.google.com/)
  * [about google](https://about.google/)
  * [privacy](privacy?hl=en)
  * [terms](terms?hl=en)

google apps

main menu

