[![grammarly
logo](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/3a89d404f9db7ffd42e5fa9b8cd7d93e/grammarly_logo.svg)](/)

  * what is the scope of this privacy policy?

  * what is grammarly’s business model?

  * information collection and use

![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b75a59bd28780405afe4132ef8966f7c/table_of_contents_arrow.svg)

  *     * what information does grammarly collect about me?

    * how does grammarly use my information?

    * does grammarly review user content?

  * information access and disclosure

![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b75a59bd28780405afe4132ef8966f7c/table_of_contents_arrow.svg)

  *     * does grammarly share my information?

    * does grammarly sell or rent my personal data?

    * does grammarly use cookies?

    * how do third-party apps and plugins work?

    * will grammarly send me emails?

    * does grammarly ever make any of my personal data or user content public?

    * does grammarly collect information from children?

  * data storage, transfer, retention, and deletion

![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b75a59bd28780405afe4132ef8966f7c/table_of_contents_arrow.svg)

  *     * where is my information stored?

    * how secure is my information?

    * how can i delete my personal data from grammarly?

    * how long is personal data retained?

    * what happens if grammarly closes my account?

  * will this privacy policy ever change?

  * eu-u.s. & swiss-u.s. privacy shield

  * for eea, swiss, and uk users

![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b75a59bd28780405afe4132ef8966f7c/table_of_contents_arrow.svg)

  *     * what rights do i have, and how can i exercise them?

    * who is grammarly’s eea representative?

    * data transfers

  * for california users

![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b75a59bd28780405afe4132ef8966f7c/table_of_contents_arrow.svg)

  *     * supplemental privacy notice for california residents

    * summary of information we collect

    * rights

    * california shine the light

  * for nevada users

  * for brazil users

  * for edu users

  * contact us

# privacy policy

effective as of september 18, 2020

the previous version is [here](/privacy-policy-june-24-2020).

at grammarly, we care about the privacy of your data and are committed to
protecting it. this privacy policy explains what information we collect about
you and why. we hope you will read it carefully.

## summary

we hope you read this entire privacy policy. however, if you’re in a hurry,
here is a brief overview of the most important points:

  * we do not and will not sell your information. we don’t help companies advertise their products to you. (read more)

  * we offer a free service and hope you will upgrade to our paid versions. that’s the only way we make money. (read more)

  * we use a small number of trusted third parties to help provide our products. (read more)

  * we use cookies to provide, protect, and promote our products. ([read more](/cookie-policy))

  * you can exercise your gdpr and ccpa rights.

  * if you have any questions or concerns about this policy, you can [contact us](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?showform).

## what is the scope of this privacy policy?

this privacy policy is incorporated into grammarly’s terms of service and
license agreement, located at [grammarly.com/terms](/terms), and applies to
the information obtained by us through your use of grammarly’s site, software,
and services (“information”) as described in this policy. capitalized terms
used in this policy and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings provided
for those terms in the terms of service.

## what is grammarly’s business model?

grammarly offers a free service and paid services. to make money, we encourage
the users of our free service to upgrade to one of our paid services. we don’t
help third parties to advertise their products to you. we also do not—and will
not—sell your information.

## information collection and use

### what information does grammarly collect about me?

when you interact with our site, software, and/or services, we collect
information that could be used to identify you (“personal data”). some of the
information we collect is stored in a manner that cannot be linked back to you
(“non-personal data”).

#### information you provide us when you create an account

when you sign up for or use our services, you voluntarily give us certain
personal data, including:

  * your username, email address, and contact and language preferences. if you log into grammarly with a social networking credential, such as with your facebook or google account, we will ask permission to access basic information from that account, such as your name and email address. you can stop sharing that information with us at any time by removing grammarly’s access to that account.

  * your payment information, if you are a paying customer. this is required to complete a commercial transaction on the site. we use this information to enable and fulfill your transaction. if you choose to use paypal® to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to paypal®. the privacy policy of paypal® will apply to the information you provide on the paypal® website.

#### other information we collect

we collect this information as you use the site, software, and/or services:

  * user content. this consists of all text, documents, or other content or information uploaded, entered, or otherwise transmitted by you in connection with your use of the services and/or software.

  * names of user contacts (if you are using the grammarly keyboard). the grammarly keyboard may request or obtain access to the names of your contacts on your device. this access helps the grammarly keyboard recognize when you are typing names so it can make appropriate suggestions (for example, if you misspell a name).

#### automatically collected information

certain data about the devices you use to connect with grammarly and your use
of the site, software, and/or services are automatically logged in our
systems, including:

  * location information. this is the geographic area where you use your computer and mobile devices (as indicated by an internet protocol (ip) address or similar identifier) when interacting with our site, software, and/or services.

  * log data. as with most websites and technology services delivered over the internet, our servers automatically collect data when you access or use our site, software, and/or services and record it in log files. this log data may include ip address, browser type and settings, date and time of use, information about browser configuration, language preferences, and cookie data.

  * usage information. this is information about the grammarly site, software, and/or services you use and how you use them. we may also obtain data from our third-party partners and service providers to analyze how users use our site, software, and/or services. for example, we will know how many users access a specific page on the site and which links they clicked on. we use this aggregated information to better understand and optimize the site.

  * device information. this is data from your computer or mobile device, such as the type of hardware and software you are using (for example, your operating system and browser type), as well as unique device identifiers for devices that are using grammarly software.

  * cookies. data obtained from cookies is described in the “does grammarly use cookies?” section and in our [cookie policy](/cookie-policy).

#### information collected from other sources

we may collect information about you from third parties, such as marketing
partners and researchers, where they are legally allowed to share your
information with us. we may combine the information we receive from other
sources with information we collect from you (or your device) and use it as
described in this privacy policy.

### how does grammarly use my information?

we use, process, and store your information as necessary to perform our
contract with you and for our legitimate business interests, including:

  * to help us provide and administer our site, software, and/or services, authenticate users for security purposes, provide personalized user features and access, process transactions, conduct research, develop new features, and improve the features, algorithms, and usability of our site, software, and/or services.

  * to communicate with you about your use of our site, software, and/or services, product announcements, and software updates, as well as respond to your requests for assistance, including providing account verification support if you’re having difficulty accessing your account.

  * to send you direct marketing emails and special offers about grammarly, from which you can unsubscribe at any time. for more information, please see the section titled, “will grammarly send me emails?” if you are located in the european economic area (eea), we will only send you marketing information if you consent to us doing so at the time you create your account or any point thereafter.

  * to display user content associated with your account and make sure it is available to you when you use our services.

  * to provide human proofreading services for users who submit user content in connection with this specific service.

  * to calculate aggregate statistics on the number of unique devices using our site, software, and/or services, and to detect and prevent fraud and misuse of those.

### does grammarly review user content?

as a rule, grammarly employees do not monitor or view your user content stored
in or transferred through our site, software, and/or services, but it may be
viewed if we believe the terms of service have been violated and confirmation
is required, if we need to do so to respond to your requests for support, if
we otherwise determine that we have an obligation to review it as described in
the terms of service, or to improve our algorithms as described in the user
content section of our terms of service. in addition, if you request our human
proofreading services, our proofreaders may also read the user content you
submit for this specific service, as necessary to perform our contract with
you and for our legitimate business interests. finally, your information may
be viewed where necessary to protect the rights, property, or personal safety
of grammarly and its users, or to comply with our legal obligations, such as
responding to warrants, court orders, or other legal processes.

## information access and disclosure

### does grammarly share my information?

we only disclose personal data to third parties when…

  * …we use service providers who assist us in meeting business operations needs, including hosting, delivering, and improving our services. we also use service providers for specific services and functions, including email communication, customer support services, and analytics. these service providers may only access, process, or store personal data pursuant to our instructions and to perform their duties to us.

  * …we have your explicit consent to share your personal data.

  * …we believe it is necessary to investigate potential violations of the terms of service, to enforce those terms of service, or to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or potential threats against persons, property, or the systems on which we operate our site, software, and/or services.

  * …we determine that the access, preservation, or disclosure of your personal data is required by law to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of grammarly and users of our site, software, and/or services, or to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requests.

  * …we need to do so in connection with a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization, sale of some or all of our assets or stock, public offering of securities, or steps in consideration of such activities (e.g., due diligence). in these cases some or all of your personal data may be shared with or transferred to another entity, subject to this privacy policy.

we may disclose non-personal data publicly and to third parties—for example,
in public reports about word usage, to partners under agreement with us, or as
part of progress reports we may provide to users.

through the use of cookies, we help deliver advertisements for relevant
grammarly products and services to you. for more details on cookies, please
see the “does grammarly use cookies?” section below.

grammarly does not share your personal data with third parties for the purpose
of enabling them to deliver their advertisements to you.

### does grammarly sell or rent my personal data?

no, grammarly does not sell or rent your personal data.

### does grammarly use cookies?

cookies are small text files stored on your device and used by web browsers to
deliver personalized content and remember logins and account settings.
grammarly uses cookies and similar technologies, including tracking pixels and
web beacons, to collect usage and analytic data that helps us provide our
site, software, and/or services to you, as well as to help deliver ads for
relevant grammarly products and services to you when you visit certain pages
on the site and then visit certain third-party sites. for more information on
cookies and how grammarly uses them, please see our [cookie policy](/cookie-
policy). our products currently do not respond to do not track requests.

### how do third-party apps and plugins work?

some third-party applications and services that work with us may ask for
permission to access your information. those applications will provide you
with notice and request your consent in order to obtain such access or
information. please consider your selection of such applications and services,
and your permissions, carefully.

some third parties’ embedded content or plugins on our site and/or software,
such as facebook “like” buttons, may allow their operators to learn that you
have visited the site, and they may combine this knowledge with other data
they have collected about your visits to other websites or online services
that can identify you.

data collected by third parties through these apps and plugins is subject to
each parties’ own policies. we encourage you to read those policies and
understand how other companies use your data.

### will grammarly send me emails?

from time to time, we may want to contact you with information about product
announcements, software updates, and special offers. we also may want to
contact you with information about products and services from our business
partners. you may opt out of such communications at any time by clicking the
“unsubscribe” link found within grammarly emails and changing your contact
preferences. all grammarly account holders will continue to receive
transactional messages related to our services, even if you unsubscribe from
promotional emails.

for eea users: we only send marketing communications to users located in the
eea with your prior consent. please see the section “for eea users” below.

### does grammarly ever make any of my personal data or user content public?

no, we do not share personal data or user content except in the limited
circumstances described in the “does grammarly share my information?” section
of the policy.

### does grammarly collect information from children?

unless your grammarly account is part of a grammarly for education (also known
as grammarly@edu) license, grammarly does not knowingly collect personal
information from children under the age of 13. if we determine we have
collected personal information from a child younger than 13 years of age, we
will take reasonable measures to remove that information from our systems. if
you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information
through the site, service, and/or software. we encourage parents and legal
guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this
policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information
through the site, service, and/or software without their permission.

## data storage, transfer, retention, and deletion

### where is my information stored?

information submitted to grammarly will be transferred to, processed, and
stored in the united states. when you use the software on your computing
device, user content you save will be stored locally on that device and synced
with our servers. if you post or transfer any information to or through our
site, software, and/or services, you are agreeing to such information,
including personal data and user content, being hosted and accessed in the
united states. please note that the laws of the united states may be different
from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident.

### how secure is my information?

grammarly is committed to protecting the security of your information and
takes reasonable precautions to protect it. however, internet data
transmissions, whether wired or wireless, cannot be guaranteed to be 100%
secure, and as a result, we cannot ensure the security of information you
transmit to us, including personal data and user content; accordingly, you
acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.

we use industry-standard encryption to protect your data in transit and at
rest.

once we receive your data, we protect it on our servers using a combination of
technical, physical, and logical security safeguards. the security of the data
stored locally in any of our software installed on your computing device
requires that you make use of the security features of your device. we
recommend that you take the appropriate steps to secure all computing devices
that you use in connection with our site, software, and services.

if grammarly learns of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you
and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the email
address that you have provided to us or by posting a notice on the site.
depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive such
notices in writing.

### how can i delete my personal data from grammarly?

you can remove your personal data from grammarly at any time by logging into
your account, accessing the settings page, and then deleting your account.
more details can be found [here](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-
us/articles/115000090052-delete-your-grammarly-account). please note that, for
security reasons, subscribers of our paid services will first be instructed to
cancel their subscriptions before they can delete their grammarly account.

### how long is personal data retained?

you can remove your personal data from grammarly at any time by deleting your
account as described above. however, we may keep some of your personal data
for as long as reasonably necessary for our legitimate business interests,
including fraud detection and prevention and to comply with our legal
obligations including tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations.

### what happens if grammarly closes my account?

if grammarly closes your account due to your violation of the terms of
service, then you may contact grammarly to request deletion of your data.
grammarly will evaluate such requests on a case by case basis, pursuant to our
legal obligations.

## will this privacy policy ever change?

as grammarly evolves, we may need to update this policy to keep pace with
changes in our site, software, and services, our business, and laws applicable
to us and you. we will, however, always maintain our commitment to respect
your privacy. we will notify you of any material changes that impact your
rights under this policy by email (to your most recently provided email
address) or post any other revisions to this policy, along with their
effective date, in an easy-to-find area of the site, so we recommend that you
periodically check back here to stay informed of any changes. please note that
your continued use of grammarly after any change means that you agree with and
consent to be bound by the new policy. if you disagree with any changes in
this policy and do not wish your information to be subject to it, you will
need to delete your grammarly account.

## eu-u.s. & swiss-u.s. privacy shield

grammarly complies with the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework and swiss-u.s.
privacy shield framework as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce
regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
transferred from the european union and switzerland to the united states.
grammarly has certified to the department of commerce that it adheres to the
privacy shield principles. if there is any conflict between the terms in this
privacy policy and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield
principles shall govern. to learn more about the privacy shield program, and
to view our certification, please visit <http://www.privacyshield.gov>.

in compliance with the privacy shield principles, grammarly commits to resolve
complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. eu and
swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our privacy shield
policy should first contact grammarly at the contact address below. if you
have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed
satisfactorily, dispute resolution is available through a third-party
arbitrator by contacting our designated privacy shield independent recourse
mechanism, [jams](https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield). in certain
circumstances, the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework and swiss-u.s. privacy
shield framework provide the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve
complaints not resolved by other means, as described in [annex
i](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=annex-i-introduction) to the
privacy shield principles.

the privacy shield principles describe grammarly’s accountability for personal
data that it subsequently transfers to a third-party agent. under the
principles, grammarly shall remain liable if third-party agents process the
personal information in a manner inconsistent with the principles, unless
grammarly proves it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the
damage.

the federal trade commission has jurisdiction over grammarly’s compliance with
the privacy shield.

## for eea, swiss, and uk
users![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b86f6188f2d8b41348b078c4ceea0153/accordion_arrow.svg)

grammarly uses, processes, and stores personal data, including what is listed
in the “what information does grammarly collect about me?” section, as
necessary to perform our contract with you, and based on our legitimate
interests in order to provide the services. we rely on your consent to process
personal data to send promotional emails and to place cookies on your devices.
in some cases, grammarly may process personal data pursuant to legal
obligation or to protect your vital interests or those of another person.

### what rights do i have, and how can i exercise them?

individuals located in the european economic area (eea), switzerland, and the
uk have certain rights in respect to their personal information, including the
right to access, correct, or delete personal data we process through your use
of the site, software, and/or services. if you’re a user based in the eea,
switzerland, or the uk, you can:

  * request a personal data report by submitting a support ticket through [this link](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?personaldatareport). this report will include the personal data we have about you, provided to you in a structured, commonly used, and portable format. you must be signed into your grammarly account to submit this request. please note that grammarly may request additional information from you to verify your identity before we disclose any information.

  * have your personal data corrected or deleted. some personal data can be updated by you: you can update your name and email address, as well as language preference, through your grammarly account settings. if you registered for grammarly using google or facebook, or if you otherwise have problems updating this information, please [submit a support ticket](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?showform). you can remove your personal data from grammarly by [deleting your account](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000090052-delete-your-grammarly-account).

  * object to us processing your personal data. you can ask us to stop using your personal data, including when we use your personal data to send you marketing emails. we only send marketing communications to users located in the eea with your prior consent, and you may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within grammarly emails and changing your contact preferences. please note you will continue to receive transactional messages related to our services, even if you unsubscribe from marketing emails.

  * complain to a regulator. if you’re based in the eea and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.

if you have other questions or do not have a grammarly account, contact us by
[submitting a support ticket](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new?showform).

### who is grammarly's eea representative?

verasafe has been appointed as grammarly’s representative in the eea for data
protection matters, pursuant to article 27 of the general data protection
regulation of the european union. verasafe can be contacted in matters related
to the processing of personal data. to make such an inquiry, please contact
verasafe using this contact form: <https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-
services/contact-article-27-representative>.

alternatively, verasafe can be contacted at:  
verasafe ireland ltd  
unit 3d north point house  
north point business park  
new mallow road  
cork t23at2p  
ireland

### data transfers

as stated in the “where is my information stored?” section above, information
submitted to grammarly will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the
united states. when you use the software on your computing device, user
content you save will be stored locally on that device and synced with our
servers. if you post or transfer any information to or through our site,
software, and/or services, you are agreeing to such information, including
personal data and user content, being hosted and accessed in the united
states. please note that the privacy laws of the united states may be
different from those in the place where you are a resident.

where required, we will use appropriate safeguards for transferring data
outside of europe, switzerland, and the uk. this includes signing standard
contractual clauses that govern the transfers of such data, which may be used
in conjunction with additional safeguards. for more information about these
transfer mechanisms, please contact us as detailed in the “contact us” section
below.

## for california
users![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b86f6188f2d8b41348b078c4ceea0153/accordion_arrow.svg)

### supplemental privacy notice for california residents

this supplemental privacy notice supplements the information in our privacy
policy above and applies to california residents only.

### summary of information we collect

if you’re a california resident, california law requires us to provide you
with some additional information about how we collect, use, and disclose your
“personal information” (as defined in the california consumer privacy act
(“ccpa”)).

throughout this privacy policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of
personal information we collect from and about users, the sources of that
information, and how we share it. under the ccpa, we’re also required to
provide you with the “categories” of personal information we collect and
disclose for business purposes (as defined by applicable law). those
categories are: identifiers (such as name, email address, or social network
account and profile data); commercial information (such as transaction data
for a paid account); financial data (such as payment method or financial
account information); internet or other network or device activity (such as ip
address and usage information); location information (e.g., the general
location where you use your device when interacting with the site, software or
services); sensory information (such as audio recordings if you call our
customer service); inference data about you; and other information that
identifies or can be reasonably associated with you. we collect these
categories of personal information from different sources, as described in the
section titled, “what information does grammarly collect about me?” above.

we and our service providers may use the categories of personal information we
collect from and about you consistent with the various business and commercial
purposes we discuss throughout this privacy policy. please see the section
titled “how does grammarly use my information?” above for more information. we
share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
section titled, “does grammarly share my information?”

we may also use the categories of personal information for compliance with
applicable laws and regulations, and we may aggregate the information we
collect or de-identify the information to limit or prevent identification of
any particular user or device.

### rights

if you’re a california resident, you may have certain rights. california law
may permit you to request that we:

  * provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.

  * provide you a summary of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.

  * delete certain information we have about you.

you may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives
that we offer to you (if any). you also have the right not to be discriminated
against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your
rights. certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable
law. for example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide
the site, software, and services to you. if you ask us to delete it, you may
no longer be able to access or use the site, software, and services.

to exercise these rights, you can:

  * request a personal data report by submitting a support ticket through [this link](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?personaldatareport). you must be signed into your grammarly account to submit this request, and you will be required to log into your account to access the summary or the report.

  * request the summary described above by [submitting a support ticket](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?showform) or emailing [support@grammarly.com](mailto:support%40grammarly.com).

  * delete your personal information from grammarly by [deleting your account](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/articles/115000090052-delete-your-grammarly-account). you must be signed into your grammarly account to submit this request, and you will be required to provide your password to confirm that you want to delete your account.

  * you can also submit requests by [submitting a support ticket](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?showform) or emailing [support@grammarly.com](mailto:support%40grammarly.com).

you’ll need to provide us with information sufficient to verify your identity
before we can satisfy your request. to do so, you’ll need to log into your
account or provide us with certain information regarding yourself and/or your
usage of the site, software, and services. you can also designate an
authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. to do so, you need to
provide us with written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf. you
will still need to verify your identity directly with us.

the ccpa sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal
information. based on the definition of “sell” under the ccpa and under
current regulatory guidance, we don’t believe we engage in such activity and
have not engaged in such activity in the past twelve months. we do share
certain information as described in the “information access and disclosure”
section above, and we allow third parties to collect certain information about
your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in our [cookie
policy](/cookie-policy). you can control these cookies through browser
settings and other controls; for more information, see our [cookie
policy](/cookie-policy).

### california shine the light

if you’re a california resident, you can ask for a list of third parties (if
any) that have received your information for their direct marketing purposes
during the previous calendar year. this list also contains the types of
information shared. we provide this list at no cost. to make such a request,
contact us at [support@grammarly.com](mailto:support%40grammarly.com).

updated: september 18, 2020

## for nevada
users![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b86f6188f2d8b41348b078c4ceea0153/accordion_arrow.svg)

under nevada law, certain nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of
“personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration to a person
for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons.
“personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address,
email address, phone number, social security number, or an identifier that
allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. we do
not engage in such activity; however, if you are a nevada resident who has
purchased or leased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt
out of any potential future sales under nevada law by emailing
[support@grammarly.com](mailto:support%40grammarly.com). please note we will
take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the
request. once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our
practices change.

## for brazil
users![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b86f6188f2d8b41348b078c4ceea0153/accordion_arrow.svg)

this brazil privacy notice (“notice”) applies to personal data processing
activities under brazilian law, and takes effect on the lgpd’s effective date.

if you’re a resident of brazil, you may have certain rights. brazilian law may
permit you to request that we:

  * confirm whether we process your data;

  * provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;

  * correct incomplete, inaccurate, and outdated data;

  * anonymize, block, or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive, or not being processed in accordance with brazilian data protection law;

  * port your personal data to another service or product vendor;

  * delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable;

  * provide you with information regarding the public and private entities with which we share data;

  * provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and

  * withdraw your consent.

you can exercise some of these rights by logging in and visiting the my
account page. for example, you can download a copy of your personal data,
delete your personal data by deleting your account, or correct your personal
data in your grammarly account settings. you can also submit requests by
submitting a [support ticket](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new?showform) or emailing
[support@grammarly.com](mailto:support%40grammarly.com). you will be required
to verify your identity before we fulfill your request. to do so, you’ll need
to log into your account or provide us with certain information regarding
yourself and/or your usage of the site, software, and services.

## for edu
users![](https://static.grammarly.com/assets/files/b86f6188f2d8b41348b078c4ceea0153/accordion_arrow.svg)

if your grammarly account is part of a grammarly for education (also known as
grammarly@edu) license, your parents and your school administrator may have
the legal right to access your account and may delete it.

## contact us

you may contact us with any questions relating to this privacy policy by
submitting a help desk request [here](https://support.grammarly.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new?showform) or by contacting us at
[privacy@grammarly.com](mailto:privacy%40grammarly.com).

for the purposes of this policy, when we say “grammarly,” “we,” or “us,” we
mean grammarly, inc., 548 market street, #35410 san francisco, ca 94104, usa.

product

[plans](/plans)

[grammarly premium](/premium)

[grammarly business](/business)

[grammarly @edu](/edu)

[grammarly desktop apps](/native)

[the grammarly keyboard](/keyboard)

[grammarly for ms office](/office-addin)

company

[about](/about)

[careers & culture](/jobs)

[blog](/blog/)

[tech blog](/blog/engineering/)

[press](/press)

[affiliates](/affiliates)

[contact us](/contact)

features

[product feature news](/blog/category/product)

[tone detector](/tone)

[grammar checker](/grammar-check)

[plagiarism checker](/plagiarism-checker)

support

[help center](https://support.grammarly.com)

[privacy policy](/privacy-policy)

[terms of service](/terms)

[ca privacy notice](/privacy-policy#for-california-users)

[security](/security)

community

[facebook](https://www.facebook.com/grammarly)

[instagram](https://www.instagram.com/grammarly/)

[twitter](https://twitter.com/grammarly)

[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/grammarly)

2021 © grammarly inc.

![](/api/tracking/load?userid=-13500722663261184&containerid=gjrfbvmqnp8s102&pageid=privacypolicy&isinitial=true&requestid=oqvha08w91mgithqcfwk)
![](/api/tracking/noscript?userid=-13500722663261184&containerid=gjrfbvmqnp8s102&pageid=privacypolicy&isinitial=true&requestid=oqvha08w91mgithqcfwk)

