[groupon logo](/ "groupon")

groupon, inc. privacy statement

  

effective date: august 31, 2020

  

this privacy notice (“privacy notice”) explains how groupon, inc., its
affiliates, and its subsidiaries (“groupon,” “us,” “our,” and “we”) use your
information and applies to all who use our websites and platforms – including
mobile applications, touch technologies, electronic services, social
networking sites, interactive features, online services or any of our
described online activities we own or control (collectively, the “service”).
for terms that govern the use of the service, please review the service’s
[terms of use](https://www.groupon.com/legal/termsofservice).

by using the service, you acknowledge you have read the terms of this privacy
notice. if you do not want your information handled as described in this
privacy notice, please do not provide us with your information or interact
with the service.

we may modify this privacy notice at any time. if we make any material
changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in
your account) or by means of notice on the service prior to the change
becoming effective. you can determine when this privacy notice was last
revised by referring to the "effective date” above.  

this privacy notice is organized as follows:

  1. [types of information we collect](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item1)

  2. [how groupon collects information](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item2)

  3. [how groupon uses information](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item3)

  4. [when and why groupon discloses personal information](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item4)

  5. [security of personal information](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item5)

  6. [your rights regarding personal information](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item6)

  7. [your choices](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item7)

  8. [social community areas](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item8)  

  9. [privacy practices of third parties](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item9)

  10. [business transfers and corporate changes](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item10)

  11. [notice to residents of countries outside the united states of america](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item11)

  12. [children’s privacy](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item12)

  13. [contact us ](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item13)

  14. [california privacy rights and other countries](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#item14)  

1\. types of information we collect

we may collect the following categories of personal information from and about
you:

●        identifiers: such as your name, postal addresses, email addresses,
social networking website user account names, telephone numbers, or other
addresses at which you are able to receive communications.

●        demographic information: such as your age, birthdate, and gender.

●        commercial information: such as information that enables us to
determine lifestyle, interests, and activities, including purchasing
tendencies and order history (such as the groupon vouchers you purchase and
redeem); areas of interest; information collected through your interactions
with social networks; information about persons for whom you have purchased
groupon vouchers as gifts or who have bought groupon vouchers as gifts for
you; and information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred.

●        location information: such as information related to your
state/province, city, or neighborhood, and, if you agree, more specific
location information that is provided through the gps functionality on mobile
devices used to access the service.

●        financial information: such as information collected from you as
needed to process payments for groupon vouchers or other products or services
that you buy, or as provided by you to administer your participation in
optional services and programs, such as your payment card number, expiration
date, and card verification number.

●        internet and network activity information: such as information about
your browsing behavior, search history, and interactions with websites and
advertisements, including data from cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons.

●        inferences regarding preferences and other characteristics: such as
our assessment of the types of products or services you may have an interest
in.  

2\. how groupon collects information

we may collect personal information about you from a variety of sources,
including:

·         from you: we collect information that you submit to us. for example,
when you use the service; make a purchase; register to receive information,
products, or services available through the service; or interact with us in
other ways. we will collect any information you voluntarily provide, and we
may also request optional information to support your use of the service. we
also collect any information that you voluntarily enter into any postings,
comments, or forums within the service. if you send an e-mail to us, we will
collect your e-mail address and the full content of your e-mail, including
attached files and other information you choose to provide to us.

 ·         from your device: when you use the service, we may collect
information about the devices you use to access the service, including
hardware model, operating system and version, internet protocol (“ip”)
address, and other unique device identifiers, mobile network information, and
information about the device’s interaction with our service. we also collect
information about how you use our service, including your access times,
browser types, and language. this type of data enables us to understand how
often individuals use parts of the service so we can analyze and improve it.
to collect this information, we use cookies and web beacons, and other similar
technologies. to learn more about how we automatically receive and record
information when you interact with the service, please review our [cookies
policy](https://www.groupon.com/legal/cookiepolicy). note that this privacy
notice covers only how we use information collected via cookies; it does not
cover the use of such information by third parties.

·         location information: we may collect different types of information
about your location, including general information, such as the city, state,
and/or zip code associated with your ip address, and, if you agree, more
specific location information that is provided through the gps functionality
on mobile devices used to access the service. we may use such location
information to customize the service, including advertising that is presented
to you. in order to do this, your location information may be passed along to
our affiliates, agents, vendors or advertisers. you may be able to disallow
our use of certain location data through your device or browser settings, for
example, by disabling “location” services for the groupon application in ios
privacy settings.

·         social media networks and other third parties: we may obtain
information about you or your use of the service from third party sources,
such as our vendors, like web hosting providers, analytics providers, or
advertisers. you may give us permission to access your information from
services offered by third parties, including social media networks. the
information we obtain from third party services depends on your
account/privacy settings with those third parties and the third parties’
privacy policies, so be sure to check those policies and to adjust your
settings to meet your preferences. when you access the service through social
media networks and other third party platforms, you are authorizing groupon to
collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this
privacy notice. please keep in mind that any information provided to us by a
third party may also be subject to that third party’s privacy policy.

3\. how groupon uses information

we may use information collected as described in this privacy notice to:

●        operate, maintain, and improve the service and other programs,
features, and functionality related to the service;

●        provide you with interest-based ads, push notifications,
communications, and offers for products and services from us and our business
partners, including based on your precise geolocation;

●        facilitate and fulfill orders  – for example, for groupon vouchers
and other goods and services, including tracking redemption;

●        process and confirm bookings with our partners;

●        process your payments;

●        evaluate your eligibility for certain types of offers, products, or
services that may be of interest to you, and analyze advertising
effectiveness;

●        answer your questions and respond to your requests;

●        perform analytics and conduct customer research;

●        communicate and provide additional information that may be of
interest to you about groupon and our business partners, sometimes by
combining your information with information we obtain from other sources;

●        send you reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts,
support and administrative messages, service bulletins, marketing messages,
and requested information, including on behalf of our business partners;

●        administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other
promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our business partners;

●        manage our everyday business needs, such as administration of the
service, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, and
enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and [terms of
use](https://www.groupon.com/legal/termsofservice), or to comply with the law;

●        allow you to apply for a job, post a video, or sign up for special
offers from merchants, our business partners, or other companies;

●        verify your requests made pursuant to this privacy notice;

●        enhance other information we have about you to help us better
understand you and determine your interests;

●        use your data as described in our card linked deals program, if you
consented to participate in such program; and



we also may use information collected as described in this privacy notice with
your consent or as otherwise required or permitted by law.

groupon uses your geolocation, including your precise geolocation, consistent
with this privacy notice as described in [section
2](https://www.groupon.com/privacy#item2) above to deliver location-based
offers, products or services that may be of interest to you.

if you make purchases without creating a password, we link these purchases to
your email address and create a secure account in our system. if you create a
password at a later date, you will be able to view past purchases made with
that email address.

if you use any features on the service to send information about a product or
service to another person, we will also collect the personal information of
that other person to the extent disclosed by you and may contact them using
the information you provided us.

4\. when and why groupon discloses information

we may share your personal information as follows:

●        as required to comply with the law or legal obligations, such as to
comply with legal orders and government requests, or as needed to support
auditing, compliance, and corporate governance functions;

●        in response to a subpoena, or similar legal process, including to law
enforcement agencies, regulators, and courts in the united states and other
countries where we operate;

●        with our vendors who perform a variety of services and functions for
us, such as data storage, order fulfillment, transmitting emails, and managing
digital content. we may share your information with such vendors subject to
confidentiality obligations consistent with this privacy notice and on the
condition that the service providers use your information only on our behalf
and pursuant to our instructions;

●        in the event we go through a business transition such as a merger,
acquisition by another company, bankruptcy, reorganization, or sale of all or
a portion of our assets (as described below in [section
10](https://www.groupon.com/privacy#item10));

●        to combat fraud or criminal activity, and to protect our rights,
users, and business partners, or as part of legal proceedings affecting
groupon;

●        with our affiliates and subsidiaries who may only use the personal
information for the purposes described in this privacy notice;

●        if the information has been aggregated, de-identified, or otherwise
does not identify you personally; and

●        otherwise with your consent.

we may disclose your personal information to the following categories of third
parties:  

●        groupon entities

●        merchants

●        co-marketers

●        distributors

●        resellers

●        advertising networks

●        payment services providers

●        internet service providers

●        data analytics providers

●        operating systems and platforms

●        social networks

●        government or law enforcement entities

●        fraud protection and prevention providers

●        delivery services providers

●        service providers

we may disclose the following categories of personal information for our own
business and operational purposes:

●        identifiers;

●        demographics;

●        commercial information;

●        location information;

●        financial information;

●        internet and network activity information; and

●        inferences regarding preferences or characteristics.

we may disclose certain personal information in exchange for services,
insights, or other valuable consideration. these disclosures may involve:

●        identifiers;

●        demographics;

●        commercial information;

●        location information;

●        financial information (not including payment card numbers);

●        internet and network activity information; and

●        inferences regarding preferences or characteristics.

5\. security of personal information

groupon has implemented an information security program that contains
administrative, technical, and physical controls that are designed to
reasonably safeguard personal information. for example, we use industry-
standard encryption technology to secure financial account information. no
method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is
100% secure, however. therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. if
you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at
privacy@groupon.com.

6\. your rights regarding personal information

you have certain rights with regard to your personal information:

●        you have the right to know and request information about the
categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about
you within the last 12 months, as well as the categories of sources from which
such information is collected, the purpose for collecting such information,
and the categories of third parties with whom we share such information. you
also have the right to know if we have sold or disclosed your personal
information for business purposes.  

●        you have the right to update your [personal
information](https://www.groupon.com/privacy#personal)

●        you have the right to request a portable copy of your [personal
information](https://www.groupon.com/privacy#personal).

●       you have the right to request that groupon delete your [personal
information](https://www.groupon.com/privacy#personal), subject to certain
exceptions allowed under applicable law.

●        you have the right to opt-out of certain disclosures of your personal
information for valuable consideration. you can exercise this right through
our “[do not sell my personal
information](https://www.groupon.com/legal/privacypolicy#do-not-sell-my-
personal-information)” tool.

●        you have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any
of the above-listed rights. we may, however, provide a different level of
service or charge a different rate reasonably relating to the value of your
personal information.

you may exercise these rights through the [groupon data privacy portal
](https://gr.pn/privacy)or by sending an email to privacy@groupon.com. if you
are a consumer under the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) and wish to
contact us through an authorized agent, the authorized agent can submit a
request on your behalf at privacy@groupon.com along with a notice signed by
you certifying that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf. we may take
reasonable steps to verify your identity, including but not limited to
verification of your email, prior to responding to your requests.  

in addition to the above rights, you can update or remove financial account
information. you can also deactivate your groupon account.

7\. your choices

we think that you benefit from a more personalized experience when we know
more about you and what you like. however, you can limit the information you
provide to groupon, and you can limit the communications that groupon sends to
you. in particular:

●        commercial emails: you may choose not to receive commercial e-mails
from us by following the instructions contained in any of the commercial
e-mails we send or by logging into your account and adjusting your email
preferences. please note that even if you unsubscribe from commercial email
messages, we may still email you non-commercial emails related to your account
and your transactions on the service. you may update your subscription
preferences at any time.

●        cookies and other technologies: you may manage how your browser
handles cookies by adjusting its privacy and security settings. browsers are
different, so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about
cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available.
you can opt-out of being targeted by certain ad-service companies and groupon-
served ads online by using the[ national advertising initiative’s opt-out
tool](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1)  or the[ digital advertising
alliance’s (daa) about ads opt-out
tool](https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=en). for more information review
our[ cookies policy](https://www.groupon.com/legal/cookiepolicy).

currently, we do not alter our data collection and use practices in response
to do not track signals.

we use internet and network activity[
](https://www.groupon.com/privacy#information)information and device data to
directly serve you interest-based ads on third party websites and mobile
applications. interest-based ads served directly by groupon on third party
sites will display the adchoices icon. if you prefer not to receive interest-
based ads from groupon on third party sites, you can click on the adchoices
icon in the ad, which will direct you to the [your groupon
adchoices](https://www.groupon.com/advertising_preference) page where you can
opt-out of receiving interest-based ads served by groupon.

groupon, inc. is a member of the digital advertising alliance, which is a
media marketing and trade association that has issued self-regulatory
guidelines for online advertising. visit the daa’s[ adchoices
page](https://youradchoices.com/) to learn more about interest-based
advertising and to opt-out of having cookies placed by ad-serving companies.

> ●       device data: you may manage how your mobile device and mobile
> browser share certain device data with groupon, as well as how your mobile
> browser handles cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings on
> your mobile device. please refer to the instructions provided by your mobile
> service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust
> your settings.

when you first visit or use the service we may request permission to collect
and use your device’s precise geolocation. you can opt not to permit the
collection of this information, or permit it only when using the mobile app,
but it may limit certain functions or features of the service. you can control
how and whether we collect your precise geolocation information through your
device’s settings.

> ●       emails from business partners: if you wish to opt-out of receiving
> offers directly from our business partners, you can follow the opt-out
> instructions in the emails they send you.

8\. social community areas

the service may be accessible through or contain connections to areas where
you may be able to publicly post information, communicate with others such as
discussion boards or blogs, review products and merchants, and submit media
content. prior to posting in these areas, please read our [terms of
use](https://www.groupon.com/legal/termsofservice) carefully. all the
information you post may be accessible to anyone with internet access, and any
personal information you include in your posting may be read, collected, and
used by others. we recommend that you do not post any personal information in
the social community areas.

9\. privacy practices of third parties

this privacy notice only addresses the use and disclosure of information by
groupon through your interaction with the service. other websites that may be
accessible through links from the service and our co-branded websites may have
their own privacy notices and personal information collection, use, and
disclosure practices. our business partners may also have their own privacy
notices. we encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy notices
provided by these other parties prior to providing them with information or
taking advantage of a sponsored offer or promotion.

10\. business transfers and corporate changes

groupon reserves the right to disclose, transfer, or license any and all
information related to the service, including personal information:

●        to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the service or any
portion or operation related to part of service; or

●        in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, or
restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets, or
other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of
any due diligence process.

11\. notice to residents of countries outside the united states of america

this service is intended only for users in the united states, canada, and
mexico. if you live outside the united states and canada your information will
be handled in accordance with[ groupon’s international privacy
notice](https://www.groupon.co.uk/legal/privacypolicy#internatioinalprivacy).
by using the service or giving us your personal information, you are directly
transferring your personal information to us in the united states. you agree
and consent to our collection, transfer, and processing of your personal
information in accordance with this privacy notice. you are solely responsible
for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your
jurisdiction when you use the service or provide us with personal information.
regardless of where we transfer your information, we still protect your
information in the manner described in this privacy notice.  

12\. children’s privacy

the service is a general audience site not directed at children under the age
of 16 and groupon has no actual knowledge of the sale of information of minors
under 16 years of age.

by using groupon, you represent that you are at least eighteen years old and
understand that you must be at least eighteen years old in order to create an
account and purchase the goods or services advertised through the service.

13\. contact us

please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy
practices or this privacy notice. you can reach us online at
privacy@groupon.com. you can reach us via postal mail at the following
address:

groupon inc.

attention: privacy office

600 west chicago avenue

chicago, illinois 60654 usa

14\. california privacy rights and other countries

if you reside in canada, you may have the right to be provided with access to
personal information that we have collected about you and written information
about our policies and practices with respect to the transfer of your personal
information to vendors outside canada. e-mail us at privacy@groupon.com with
questions.

groupon utilizes various valid data transfer mechanisms for personal
information at its sole discretion in accordance with applicable data
protection and privacy laws. we will continue to monitor and assess the
appropriateness of other valid data transfer mechanisms as they become
available.

pursuant to section 1798.83 of the california civil code, residents of
california have the right to request, once a year, if we have shared their
personal information with other companies for those companies’ direct
marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. to request a copy of
the information disclosure provided by groupon, please contact us at
privacy@groupon.com or the address stated above. please include “shine the
light request” in your correspondence. please allow 30 days for a response.

if you are a california resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of
any site where this policy is posted, california business and professions code
section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or
information you have publicly posted. to make such a request, please send an
email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to
privacy@groupon.com. please be aware that such a request does not ensure
complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have
posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require
or allow removal even if requested.

[ grouber ](/local/grouber.html)

company

[about
groupon](https://about.groupon.com)[jobs](https://www.grouponcareers.com/en-
us/)[press](https://about.groupon.com/press)[investor
relations](http://investor.groupon.com/)[management
team](https://about.groupon.com/people/leadership)[in your
community](https://about.groupon.com/social-responsibility)

work with groupon

[join the groupon
marketplace](https://www.groupon.com/merchant?utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=groupon-
footer-hp&utm_source=groupon)[run a groupon
campaign](https://www.groupon.com/merchant/signup?utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=groupon-
footer-signup&utm_source=groupon)[learn about groupon
merchant](/merchant?utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=groupon-
footer&utm_source=groupon)[affiliate
program](http://www.grouponaffiliate.com/)[vendor code of
conduct](/legal/vendor-code-of-conduct)

more

[customer support](/customer_support)[refund policies](/groupon-
promise)[faq](/faq)[coupon codes](/coupons)[gift cards](/giftcards)[gift
shop](/occasion/gift-shop)[students](/programs/student)[report
infringement](/report_infringement)

groupon sites

usa

[usa](https://www.groupon.com)[united
kingdom](https://www.groupon.co.uk)[france](https://www.groupon.fr)[deutschland](https://www.groupon.de)[italia](https://www.groupon.it)[españa](https://www.groupon.es)[polska](https://www.groupon.pl)[nederland](https://www.groupon.nl)[ireland](https://www.groupon.ie)[uae](https://www.groupon.ae)[belgië](https://www.groupon.be)[canada](https://www.groupon.ca)[australia](https://www.groupon.com.au)[new
zealand](https://www.grouponnz.co.nz)[日本](https://www.groupon.jp)

follow us

[facebook](https://www.facebook.com/groupon.us)[twitter](https://twitter.com/groupon)

[![](https://www2.grouponcdn.com/layout/assets/footer-i18n-mobile-
app-b62e919542.svg) get the groupon mobile app
](/mobile?utm_source=gp&utm_medium=footer&utm_campaign=mlusers "groupon for
mobile devices")[![groupon
merchant](https://www2.grouponcdn.com/layout/assets/footer-widget-merchant-
works-white-ca1a399ab1.svg) grow your business by working with groupon
](https://www.groupon.com/merchant/signup?utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=groupon-
footer-banner&utm_source=groupon "groupon merchant")

incredible deals on local experiences

[black friday deals](/landing/black-friday) | [christmas
gifts](/landing/gifting-with-groupon) | [gifts for moms](/landing/mothers-day)
| [harry potter gifts](/landing/unique-harry-potter-gifts) | [things to
do](/local/things-to-do) | [kids activities](/local/kids-activities) |
[nightlife](/local/nightlife) | [restaurants](/local/restaurants) |
[spas](/local/spa) | [massages](/local/massage) | [hair salons](/local/hair-
salons) | [travel](/getaways)

groupongroupon logo guidefor [food & drink](/local/city-guide/food-and-drink),
[arts & leisure](/local/city-guide/arts-and-leisure), [style &
beauty](/local/city-guide/style-and-beauty) and [coupons blog](/coupons/blog)

© 2021 groupon, inc. all rights reserved.[terms of
use](/legal/termsofservice)[privacy
statement](/legal/privacypolicy)[licenses](/legal/licenses)[accessibility](/legal/accessibility)do
not sell my personal information

[![visitor
monitoring](https://vms.boldchat.com/aid//bc.vmi?wdid=)](http://www.boldchat.com
"visitor monitoring")

