[ ](//imgur.com)

  * [we're hiring!](//imgur.com/jobs)
  * [blog](//imgur.com/blog)
  * [about imgur](//imgur.com/about)
  * [emerald](//imgur.com/emerald?source=footer)
  * [imgur store](//store.imgur.com)
  * [imgur apps](//imgur.com/apps)
  * [developer api](//apidocs.imgur.com)
  * [advertise](//imgur.com/advertise)
  * [need help?](//help.imgur.com/hc/en-us)

[terms](//imgur.com/tos) [privacy](//imgur.com/privacy)
[ccpa](//imgur.com/ccpa) [ad choices](//imgur.com/privacy#adchoices)

[](https://twitter.com/imgur)

  * [upload images](//imgur.com/upload)
  * [video to gif](//imgur.com/vidgif)
  * [make a meme](//imgur.com/memegen)

[ new post ](//imgur.com/upload) [go ad-
free](//imgur.com/emerald?source=legacynav)

  *   * [sign in](https://imgur.com/signin?invokedby=regular%20sign%20in)

  * [sign up](https://imgur.com/register?invokedby=regular%20sign%20in)

[![](//s.imgur.com/images/imgur-logo.svg)](/)

# the essentials

effective april 24, 2019

using our app to do anything other than access the links to this "terms" page
or accessing any page of our website other than our home page and this "terms"
page constitutes your consent to these terms of use and to our [privacy
policy](/privacy). if you do not consent, do not use our website.

your use of our website to do anything beyond simply accessing/viewing it
(that is, uploading, downloading, commenting, etc.), constitutes not merely
your consent, but also your electronic signature, meaning that you are
contractually bound by these terms and by our privacy policy.

## our community rules

these terms of use are our contract with you. we also have [community
rules](/rules), developed thanks to input from the imgurian community, that
serve as rules for using imgur publicly.

## stuff not to do

if someone else might own the copyright to it, don't upload it. don't upload
gore, "hate speech" (i.e. demeaning race, gender, age, religious or sexual
orientation, etc.), or material that is threatening, harassing, defamatory, or
that encourages violence or crime. don't upload illegal content such as child
porn or nonconsensual ("revenge") porn. don't hotlink to adult content or to
file-sharing, gambling, torrent, warez, or imgur rip-off sites. don't
impersonate someone else. also, don't use imgur to host image libraries you
link to from elsewhere, content for your website, advertising, avatars, or
anything else that turns us into your content delivery network. if you do –
and we will be the judge – or if you do anything illegal, in addition to any
other legal rights we may have, we will ban you along with the site you're
hotlinking from, delete all your images, report you to the authorities if
necessary, and prevent you from viewing any images hosted on imgur.com. we
mean it.

## stuff to do, please

please have tons of fun! that's what imgur is all about. if something isn't
fun -- if you see anything on our site that shouldn't be there because it
violates our policies, is illegal (e.g. revenge porn or child porn), or for
some other reason, please let us know by emailing us at
[abuse@imgur.com](mailto:abuse@imgur.com).

## about images you upload

you can upload images anonymously and share them online with only the people
you choose to share them with. if you make them publicly available, they may
be featured in the gallery. if you share an image publicly with facebook,
twitter, digg, reddit, etc., then it may end up in the gallery.

# the details

version 3.4 04/24/2019

## intellectual property

by uploading a file or other content or by making a comment, you represent and
warrant to us that (1) doing so does not violate or infringe anyone else's
rights; and (2) you created the file or other content you are uploading, or
otherwise have sufficient intellectual property rights to upload the material
consistent with these terms. with regard to any file or content you upload to
the public portions of our site, you grant imgur a non-exclusive, royalty-
free, perpetual, irrevocable worldwide license (with sublicense and assignment
rights) to use, to display online and in any present or future media, to
create derivative works of, to allow downloads of, and/or distribute any such
file or content. to the extent that you delete any such file or content from
the public portions of our site, the license you grant to imgur pursuant to
the preceding sentence will automatically terminate, but will not be revoked
with respect to any file or content imgur has already copied and sublicensed
or designated for sublicense. also, of course, anything you post to a public
portion of our site may be used by the public pursuant to the following
paragraph even after you delete it.

## use of imgur content

by downloading an image or copying other user-generated content (ugc) from
imgur, you agree that you do not claim any rights to it. the following
conditions apply:

  * you may use ugc for personal, non-commercial purposes.
  * you may use ugc for anything that qualifies as fair use under copyright law, for example journalism (news, comment, criticism, etc.), but please include an attribute ("imgur" or "courtesy of imgur") next to where it is displayed.
  * you may not use ugc for non-journalistic commercial purposes.
  * your use of ugc is at your own risk. imgur makes no warranties of non-infringement, and you will indemnify and hold imgur harmless from any copyright infringement claims arising out of your use of the ugc. (see our general disclaimers below.)

you may not copy or use any portions of our site that are not ugc except
within the limits of fair use.

## notices of claimed copyright infringement (or other types of infringement)

if you see anything on our site that you believe infringes your copyright
rights, you may notify our digital millennium copyright act ("dmca") agent by
sending the following information:

  * identification of the copyrighted work or works claimed to have been infringed. important: please include your copyright registration number. if your work is not yet registered, please include a copy of the application to register the work that you filed with the copyright office. a copyright infringement claim based on a u.s. work can only be filed if the work has been registered (<http://www.copyright.gov/eco/>). registration currently takes about seven months.
  * identification of the material on our servers that is claimed to be infringing and that is to be removed, including the url or other information to enable us to locate the material.
  * a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you as copyright owner, or by your agent, or by law.
  * a statement that the information in your notice is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner (or authorized to act on behalf of the owner) of the exclusive copyright right that is allegedly being infringed.
  * your physical or electronic signature, or of someone authorized to act on your behalf.
  * instructions on how we may contact you: preferably email, but also address and phone.

because a high percentage of dmca takedown notices are not valid, imgur
reserves the right to ignore dmca notifications based on unregistered works.

our agent to receive such notifications of claimed infringement is alan
schaaf.

email: | [abuse@imgur.com](mailto:abuse@imgur.com)  
---|---  
mailing address: |

imgur inc.  
600 california street, 11th floor  
san francisco, ca 94108  
  
  

use the same procedure for any claimed trademark violations or other
infringements. if we receive a dmca takedown demand for material you posted
that we believe constitutes fair use, we will attempt to notify you if we have
your contact info; otherwise we are under no obligation to notify you
regarding the removal. we reserve the right to refuse to remove any material
that in our view constitutes fair use. if we identify you as a "repeat
infringer," we will block or remove your images and terminate any accounts you
have with us. (if we notify you of a dmca removal and you respond with a
legitimate counter-notice, that won't count toward being a repeat infringer.)
keep in mind that we reserve the right to remove any content at any time
whether or not it infringes or violates any of our policies.

## use of trademark

any uses of our name, trademarks, and logos must follow our [trademark use
policy](https://help.imgur.com/hc/en-us/articles/202062878-trademark-use-
policy).

## disclaimer of warranties, limitations of remedies, indemnity

although of course we strive to make imgur as dependable as possible, imgur's
services are provided on an as is – with all faults basis. your use of our
service is entirely at your own risk. we do not guarantee the availability of
our service at any given time, or the reliability of our service when it is
running. we do not guarantee the integrity of, or the continued availability
of, files on our servers. whether we make backups, and if so, whether
restoration of those backups will be available to you, is at our discretion.
imgur disclaims all warranties, express and implied, including without
limitation implied warranties of fitness and merchantability. notwithstanding
anything else stated in these terms, and irrespective of whether imgur takes
or does not take measures to remove inappropriate or harmful content from its
site, imgur has no duty to monitor any content on its site. imgur does not
assume responsibility for the accuracy, appropriateness, or harmlessness of
any content appearing on imgur.com that is not produced by imgur, including
but not limited to user content, advertising content, or otherwise.

your sole remedy for the loss of any services and/or of any images or other
data you may have stored on imgur's service is to discontinue your use of our
service. imgur will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, consequential, or punitive damages arising out of your use of, or
inability to use, imgur's services, even if imgur has been advised of or
reasonably should have known of the possibility of such damages. no cause of
action arising out of your use of imgur's services may be brought more than
one year after it occurs.

you will indemnify and hold imgur and all of its personnel harmless from all
loss, liability, claims, damages and expenses, including reasonable attorney
fees, arising out of or related to your violation of these terms, your
infringement of any third party's rights, and any harm caused to any third
party as a result of your uploading of files, comments, or anything else to
our servers.

## miscellaneous

"imgur" or "we" refers to imgur, inc., a delaware corporation, and its
successors and assigns. "you" refers to any person who has consented to these
terms or has become contractually bound to them, whether such person is
identified or not at the time. these terms are governed by california law,
excluding its conflicts of law principles, and if there is a lawsuit between
you and imgur, jurisdiction and venue will lie exclusively in the state where
the defendant is located, if within the united states, or in santa clara
county, california otherwise. if any part of these terms is invalid, the
remaining provisions will be unaffected. these terms of use constitute the
entire agreement among the parties relating to this subject matter, and they
will continue to govern any issues that arise out of your use of imgur's
services even after you discontinue using them. we may revise these terms from
time to time without notice. whenever we do so, we will so indicate by
changing the version date at the top. any changes apply as of the time they
are posted. imgur is not meant for use by children under age 13; if your child
is younger than 13 please allow him or her to use it only under your
supervision.

parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or
filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting
access to material that is harmful to minors. see e.g.
[www.toptenreviews.com/software/security/best-internet-filter-
software](http://www.toptenreviews.com/software/security/best-internet-filter-
software/).

[love imgur? join our team!](//imgur.com/jobs "come work at imgur") *
[about](//imgur.com/about "about imgur") * [store](https://store.imgur.com
"the official imgur store") * [help](https://help.imgur.com "answers to your
questions") * [blog](//imgur.com/blog "the most magical blog on the internet")
* [request deletion](//imgur.com/removalrequest "request image deletion") *
[forum](//community.imgur.com "forum") * [terms](//imgur.com/tos "terms of
service") * [privacy](//imgur.com/privacy "privacy policy") *
[ccpa](//imgur.com/ccpa "ccpa") * [apps](//imgur.com/apps "official imgur
apps") * [api](//apidocs.imgur.com "documentation for our api") *
[advertise](//imgur.com/advertise "advertise with us") * [ad
choices](//imgur.com/privacy#adchoices "ad choices")

(c) 2021 imgur, inc.

