[ ](//imgur.com)

  * [we're hiring!](//imgur.com/jobs)
  * [blog](//imgur.com/blog)
  * [about imgur](//imgur.com/about)
  * [emerald](//imgur.com/emerald?source=footer)
  * [imgur store](//store.imgur.com)
  * [imgur apps](//imgur.com/apps)
  * [developer api](//apidocs.imgur.com)
  * [advertise](//imgur.com/advertise)
  * [need help?](//help.imgur.com/hc/en-us)

[terms](//imgur.com/tos) [privacy](//imgur.com/privacy)
[ccpa](//imgur.com/ccpa) [ad choices](//imgur.com/privacy#adchoices)

[](https://twitter.com/imgur)

  * [upload images](//imgur.com/upload)
  * [video to gif](//imgur.com/vidgif)
  * [make a meme](//imgur.com/memegen)

[ new post ](//imgur.com/upload) [go ad-
free](//imgur.com/emerald?source=legacynav)

  *   * [sign in](https://imgur.com/signin?invokedby=regular%20sign%20in)

  * [sign up](https://imgur.com/register?invokedby=regular%20sign%20in)

[![](//s.imgur.com/images/imgur-logo.svg)](/)

# privacy policy

your privacy rights - effective august 18, 2020

[ca residents: [ccpa](//imgur.com/ccpa)]

## information we collect and the purposes for which we use it

### automatically collected information

our servers automatically collect the following information regarding devices
that access our site or app: device characteristics (including device id for
mobile devices), operating system, browser type, ip address, username from
stored cookies if present, dates and times of each login, page and image
viewing statistics, and incoming and outgoing links. we also log the metadata
associated with any uploaded images. we use this automatically collected
anonymous data to analyze how our site and app are used so as to keep them
optimized, to determine the popularity and usefulness of various features, to
maintain the integrity of user accounts so that each user can see his or her
posts and the upvotes, downvotes, and comments to them, and to enable users
with usernames to access their posts, albums, and membership information. we
also use such data to enable us to comply with copyright law, with 18 usc
§2258a (illegal content), and to respond to lawful requests by public
authorities, including national security, courts, and law enforcement.

none of this information is "personal data" - that is, data we could use to
identify a specific person. some of this information could, however, become
personal data because we provide automatically collected anonymous data to
third party advertisers to supplement the tracking information described
below, and those third parties might be able to combine our anonymous data
with other data they have to enable them to identify people.

### interactively collected information

in addition to the automatically collected anonymous data described above, we
may place information on your device and then retrieve it later: we may use
cookies, web beacons, or other anonymous tracking information to improve our
server's interaction with your device. we also partner with third party
advertisers who may (themselves or through their partners) place and/or
recognize cookies on your device that collect data about which pages and ads
are viewed while our app or site is being used. advertiser cookies enable
customized ads that are selected for display on your device based on the
anonymous information collected. no personal data is on, connected to, or
derivable from, these cookies. if you block or disable cookies and other
tracking technologies, instead of getting customized ads you will see non-
customized (generic) ads. although our servers currently don't respond to "do-
not-track" requests, you can block tracking in other ways. if you would like
more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having
this information used by these companies for interest based advertising,
please visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> or see the section below,
"accessing, correcting, and limiting use of your data".

imgur participates in the digital advertising alliance's (daa) self-regulatory
program for online behavioral advertising. for more information please visit
<http://www.aboutads.info>.

### information you choose to give us

when you sign in with a username, we handle it in the same way as an
automatically collected username except that if you don't allow cookies, you
have to enter your username each time you log in. a username is, by nature,
publicly posted information. on occasion we may run a contest or other type of
promotion, and to enable us to award prizes to the winners as well as to
comply with the applicable laws, we collect real names and contact information
- so if you win a contest, we'll ask for that information and we'll use it
only for those two specific purposes.

we collect whatever personal data about you that you choose to give us, such
as a contact email address (which we do not make public) and profile
information. we do not require you to use an account to upload images. if you
open an account you do not have to provide any personal information except
your cell phone number, which we don't retain; we use it once to send you a
code. (see below.) if you are located in the eea and wish to open an account,
_do not use your real name - choose a username and email address that reveal
nothing about your identity._ if you give us an email address, we'll probably
send you promotional messages once in a while; we'll try to make them fun and
interesting but of course you'll be able to opt out at any time.

### why do i have to verify my phone number?

to keep everything fun, we've come up with a new way to send miscreants north
of the wall! and without collecting any personal information from you.

to set up an account, you give us your cell phone number and we'll text you a
confirmation code to verify that it’s your number. but we won't save your
number, share it, sell it, or even show it to anyone. instead, we'll one-way
encrypt it into a [hash](https://www.webopedia.com/term/o/one-
way_hash_function.html) and save _only the hash_. since a hash can’t be
decrypted, we can't get your phone number from it. then, if you get banned for
breaking the rules, we'll ban your hash too – and you won't be able to set up
another account with the same phone number, since it would generate the same
hash. clever, huh?

for more information, see our [community rules](//imgur.com/rules).

## information you post

imgur does not "collect" the stuff you post: images, comments, messages, etc.,
and - with respect to persons in the eea - does not "process" or determine any
purposes for processing of any information that you manifestly make public. in
particular, every image uploaded to imgur is public - whether uploaded
directly without going through a user account, or uploaded via a user account
- and has its own url. no matter what your privacy settings are, every image
can always be accessed and viewed by anyone who types in that exact url. no
image uploaded to imgur is ever completely hidden from public view. this is
mainly to ensure that imgur, which allows anonymous postings, will not be used
as a platform for illegality. so too for messaging: imgur allows users to send
messages to one another both indirectly (via comments to posts) and directly
(via chat). imgur's messaging functionality is not intended to be a secure
messaging platform; it's just for fun. to ensure that imgur's messaging
platform is not used as a platform for illegality, all messages are public. no
messages are ever completely hidden from public view. we may monitor user
messaging.

## post / image privacy

uploading a new post creates a "post" (also called "album") that can be shared
to the community. the individual images inside the post are referred to as
"images."  

although nothing you post to imgur is completely hidden from public view or
entirely private, with that understanding you can set the privacy level of
posts.

  * hidden: posts will be hidden by default. they are not searchable within imgur, and will not appear in imgur's public gallery or public profile, but each one will still be accessible by going to the post's url. they cannot receive comments or earn points. 
  * public: posts will be publicly viewable and shared with the community. public posts shared with the community will allow comments, sharing, and voting, and appear in a user's profile. 

### "favorite folders" privacy

you can add favorited posts to folders that you create. individual public
posts that you favorite are always visible from the "all favorites" page in
your user profile and cannot be hidden, even those within folders. favorited
hidden posts will not appear publicly in your favorites. these settings for
favorites cannot be changed, but the visibility of folders can be toggled to
public or private.

  * public: folders are visible to the public community on your public profile. 
  * private: private folders are kept hidden from your public profile. 

## accessing, correcting, and limiting use of your data

because we don't collect information about the identity of our users and don't
receive any information from third parties enabling us to identify our users,
we have no means of knowing, or providing you with information about, whatever
anonymous data about you we might have on our servers - unless you have a
username. if you have a username, you may log in and access your data, correct
whatever information you deem to be incorrect, opt out of information sharing
with our advertisers, or delete your account. for legal reasons we may retain
backup and/or archival copies of information prior to your corrections,
amendments, or deletions.

## data protection

we take every reasonable precaution to protect the data on our servers from
loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction,
taking into account the risk level and the nature of the data. you are
responsible for taking every reasonable precaution on your end to protect any
unauthorized person from accessing your imgur account.

## gdpr / privacy shield

for users in the european economic area (eea) and in switzerland, imgur
complies with the principles of the u.s.-eu privacy shield program and the
u.s.-swiss privacy shield program. see <https://www.privacyshield.gov>.
although the european court of justice invalidated the u.s.-eu privacy shield
program in july 2020, imgur’s participation in both programs has always been
voluntary. imgur is not subject to the gdpr, and thus did not need the privacy
shield as a means of complying with the gdpr, because we do not collect
"personal data" about, or monitor behavior of, anyone in the eeu, nor do we
"target" individuals in the eeu. regarding the latter, see guidelines 3/2018
on the territorial scope of the gdpr (article 3), ver. 2.1 (nov 12, 2019). we
remain subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the federal
trade commission, and we are liable for the unauthorized transfer to third
parties of user personal data. to contact us regarding privacy issues, you can
email us at privacy@imgur.com, or snailmail us at imgur, inc., 600 california
st., floor 11, san francisco ca 94018-2727.

## dispute resolution

these terms are governed by california law, excluding its conflicts of law
principles, and if there is a lawsuit between a user outside the eea and
imgur, jurisdiction and venue will lie exclusively in the state where the
defendant is located, if within the united states, or in santa clara county,
california otherwise.

## changes to this privacy policy

we may revise our privacy policy from time to time by posting the changes
here. you can determine the date of the most recent changes by looking at the
"effective date" at the top.

print imgur's privacy policy

[love imgur? join our team!](//imgur.com/jobs "come work at imgur") *
[about](//imgur.com/about "about imgur") * [store](https://store.imgur.com
"the official imgur store") * [help](https://help.imgur.com "answers to your
questions") * [blog](//imgur.com/blog "the most magical blog on the internet")
* [request deletion](//imgur.com/removalrequest "request image deletion") *
[forum](//community.imgur.com "forum") * [terms](//imgur.com/tos "terms of
service") * [privacy](//imgur.com/privacy "privacy policy") *
[ccpa](//imgur.com/ccpa "ccpa") * [apps](//imgur.com/apps "official imgur
apps") * [api](//apidocs.imgur.com "documentation for our api") *
[advertise](//imgur.com/advertise "advertise with us") * [ad
choices](//imgur.com/privacy#adchoices "ad choices")

(c) 2021 imgur, inc.

