[](https://medium.com/?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[medium policy](https://policy.medium.com/?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[sign
in](https://medium.com/m/signin?operation=login&redirect=https%3a%2f%2fpolicy.medium.com%2fmedium-
privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9&source=post_page-----f03bf92035c9
---------------------nav_reg-----------)

[medium policy](https://policy.medium.com/?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

# medium privacy policy

## effective: september 1, 2020

[![medium](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/96/96/1*shhtyhace2uc3iu0igkwiq.png)](https://medium.com/@medium?source=post_page
-----f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[medium](https://medium.com/@medium?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

follow

[sep 1, 2020](/medium-privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------) · 11 min read

[](https://medium.com/m/signin?actionurl=%2f_%2fbookmark%2fp%2ff03bf92035c9&operation=register&redirect=https%3a%2f%2fpolicy.medium.com%2fmedium-
privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9&source=post_actions_header
--------------------------bookmark_preview-----------)

 ** _you can see our previous privacy policy_**[ **
_here_**](https://help.medium.com/hc/en-us/articles/360052305234) ** _._**

this privacy policy explains how a medium corporation ( _“_ ** _medium_** _,”_
_“_ ** _we_** _,”_ or _“_ ** _us_** _”_ ) collects, uses, and discloses
information about you. this privacy policy applies when you use our websites,
mobile applications, and other online products and services that link to this
privacy policy (collectively, our _“_ ** _services_** ”), contact our customer
service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us.

we may change this privacy policy from time to time. if we make changes, we
will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some
cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement
to our website or providing you with a notification). we encourage you to
review this privacy policy regularly to stay informed about our information
practices and the choices available to you.

## contents

  * collection of information
  * use of information
  * sharing of information
  * third-party embeds
  * transfer of information to the united states and other countries
  * your choices
  * your california privacy rights
  * additional disclosures for individuals in europe
  * contact us

# collection of information

## information you provide to us

we collect information you provide directly to us. for example, you share
information directly with us when you create an account, fill out a form,
submit or post content through our services, purchase a membership,
communicate with us via third-party platforms, request customer support, or
otherwise communicate with us. the types of personal information we may
collect include your name, display name, username, bio, email address,
business information, your content, including your avatar image, photos,
posts, responses, and series published by you, and any other information you
choose to provide.

in some cases, we may also collect information you provide about others, such
as when you purchase a medium membership as a gift for someone. we will use
this information to fulfill your request and will not send communications to
your contacts unrelated to your request, unless they separately consent to
receive communications from us or otherwise engage with us.

we do not collect payment information through our services. we rely on third
parties to process payments in connection with our services. any information
you provide to facilitate such a payment is subject to the third-party payment
processor’s privacy policy, and we encourage you to review this policy before
you provide any information to the payment processor.

## information we collect automatically when you interact with us

in some instances, we automatically collect certain information, including:

  *  **activity information:** we collect information about your activity on our services, such as your reading history and when you share links, follow users, highlight posts, and clap for posts.
  *  **transactional information:** when you purchase a membership, we collect information about the transaction, such as subscription details, purchase price, and the date of the transaction.
  *  **device and usage information:** we collect information about how you access our services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, ip address, unique device identifiers, browser type, and app version. we also collect information about your activity on our services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, and the page you visited before navigating to our services.
  *  **information collected by cookies and similar tracking technologies:** we use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular, and count visits. web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear gifs”) are electronic images that we use on our services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage. we also work with third party analytics providers who use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our services and other websites and applications, including your ip address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, and links clicked. this information may be used by medium and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver content targeted to your interests on our services, and better understand your online activity. for more information about cookies and how to disable them, see your choices below.

## information we collect from other sources

we obtain information from third-party sources. for example, we may collect
information about you from social networks, accounting services providers and
data analytics providers. additionally, if you create or log into your medium
account through a third-party platform (such as apple, facebook, google, or
twitter), we will have access to certain information from that platform, such
as your name, lists of friends or followers, birthday, and profile picture, in
accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform.

## information we derive

we may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the
information we collect. for example, we may make inferences about your
location based on your ip address or infer reading preferences based on your
reading history.

# use of information

we use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our
services, which includes publishing and distributing user-generated content,
personalizing the posts you see and operating our metered paywall. we also use
the information we collect to:

  * create and maintain your medium account;
  * process transactions and send related information, such as confirmations, receipts, and user experience surveys;
  * send you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
  * respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
  * communicate with you about new content, products, services, and features offered by medium and provide other news and information we think will interest you (see your choices below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time);
  * monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our services;
  * detect, investigate, and prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and protect the rights and property of medium and others;
  * debug to identify and repair errors in our services;
  * comply with our legal and financial obligations; and
  * carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.

# sharing of information

we share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise
described in this policy:

  * we share personal information with other users of the services. for example, if you use our services to publish content, post comments or send private notes, certain information about you will be visible to others, such as your name, photo, bio, other account information you may provide, and information about your activities on our services (e.g., your followers and who you follow, recent posts, claps, highlights, and responses).
  * we share personal information with vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, storage, and other infrastructure, analytics, payment processing, fraud prevention and security, customer service, communications, and marketing.
  * we may disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. if we are going to disclose your personal information in response to legal process, we will give you notice so you can challenge it (for example by seeking court intervention), unless we are prohibited by law or believe doing so may endanger others or cause illegal conduct. we will object to legal requests for information about users of our services that we believe are improper.
  * we may share personal information if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of medium, our users, the public, or others.
  * we share personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests.
  * we may share personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
  * personal information is shared between and among medium and our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
  * we share personal information with your consent or at your direction.
  * we also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.

# third-party embeds

medium does not host some of the content displayed on our services. users have
the ability to post content that is actually hosted by a third party, but is
embedded in our pages (an _“_ ** _embed_** _”_ ). when you interact with an
embed, it can send information about your interaction to the hosting third
party just as if you were visiting the third party’s site directly. for
example, when you load a medium post page with a youtube video embed and watch
the video, youtube receives information about your activity, such as your ip
address and how much of the video you watch. medium does not control what
information third parties collect through embeds or what they do with the
information. this privacy policy does not apply to information collected
through embeds. the privacy policy belonging to the third party hosting the
embed applies to any information the embed collects, and we recommend you
review that policy before interacting with the embed.

# transfer of information to the united states and other countries

medium is headquartered in the united states, and we have operations and
service providers in the united states and other countries. therefore, we and
our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or
access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection
that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. for example, we
transfer personal data to amazon web services, one of our service providers
that processes personal information for us in various data center locations
across the globe, including those listed [here](https://aws.amazon.com/about-
aws/global-infrastructure/). we will take steps to ensure that your personal
information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in
which we process it.

# your choices

## account information

you may access, correct, delete and export your account information at any
time by logging into the services and navigating to the[ settings
page](https://medium.com/me/settings). please note that if you choose to
delete your account, we may continue to retain certain information about you
as required by law or for our legitimate business purposes.

## cookies

most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can
usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies.
please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability
and functionality of our services.

## communications preferences

you may opt out of receiving certain communications from us, such as digests,
newsletters, and activity notifications, by following the instructions in
those communications or through your account’s [settings
page](https://medium.com/me/settings). if you opt out, we may still send you
administrative emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing
business relations.

## mobile push notifications

with your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device. you
can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification
settings on your mobile device.

# your california privacy rights

the california consumer privacy act or _“_ ** _ccpa_** _”_ (cal. civ. code §
1798.100 et seq.) affords consumers residing in california certain rights with
respect to their personal information. if you are a california resident, this
section applies to you.  
  
in the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of
personal information: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other
electronic network activity information, and inferences. for details about the
precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such
collection, please see the collection of information section above. we collect
personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
use of information section above. in the preceding 12 months, we have
disclosed the following categories of personal information for business
purposes to the following categories of recipients:

![image for
post](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/1*sv_3okdjncwmgwln5aioyq.png?q=20)

![image for
post](https://miro.medium.com/max/1292/1*sv_3okdjncwmgwln5aioyq.png)

medium does not sell your personal information.  
  
subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more
about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect,
use, and disclose about you, (2) request deletion of your personal
information, (3) opt out of any sales of your personal information, if we
engage in that activity in the future, and (4) not be discriminated against
for exercising these rights. you may make these requests by emailing us at
[privacy@medium.com](mailto:privacy@medium.com) or by completing [this
webform](https://help.medium.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new#/360002298134/360051136954/). we will verify a webform request
by asking you to provide identifying information. we will not discriminate
against you if you exercise your rights under the ccpa.  
  
if we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence
that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent
otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on
your behalf. this may include requiring you to verify your identity. if you
are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please [contact
us](mailto:privacy@medium.com).

# additional disclosures for individuals in europe

if you are located in the european economic area ( _“_ ** _eea_** _”_ ), the
united kingdom, or switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under
applicable law regarding the processing of your personal data, and this
section applies to you.

## legal basis for processing

when we process your personal data, we will do so in reliance on the following
lawful bases:

  * to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., providing the products and services you requested).
  * when we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data to operate our business or protect our interests (e.g., to provide, maintain, and improve our products and services, conduct data analytics, and communicate with you).
  * to comply with our legal obligations (e.g., to maintain a record of your consents and track those who have opted out of non-administrative communications).
  * when we have your consent to do so (e.g., when you opt in to receive non-administrative communications from us). when consent is the legal basis for our processing your personal data, you may withdraw such consent at any time.

## data retention

we store personal data associated with your account for as long as your
account remains active. if you close your account, we will delete your account
data within 14 days. we store other personal data for as long as necessary to
carry out the purposes for which we originally collected it and for other
legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or
other compliance obligations.

## data subject requests

subject to certain limitations, you have the right to request access to the
personal data we hold about you and to receive your data in a portable format,
the right to ask that your personal data be corrected or erased, and the right
to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. to exercise
your rights:

  * if you sign up for a medium account, you may at any time request an export of your personal information from the [settings page](https://medium.com/me/settings), or by going to settings and then selecting account within our app.
  * you may correct information associated with your account from the [settings page](https://medium.com/me/settings), or by going to settings and then selecting account within our app, and the [customize your interests page](https://medium.com/me/following/suggestions) to update your interests.
  * you may withdraw consent by deleting your account at any time through the [settings page](https://medium.com/me/settings), or by going to settings and then selecting account within our app (except to the extent medium is prevented by law from deleting your information).
  * you may object at any time to the use of your personal data by contacting [privacy@medium.com](mailto:privacy@medium.com).

## questions or complaints

if you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not
able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data
protection authority where you reside. contact details for your data
protection authority can be found using the links below:

  * for individuals in the eea:  
<https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en>

  * for individuals in the uk:  
<https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/>

  * for individuals in switzerland: <https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html>

# contact us

if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at
[privacy@medium.com](mailto:privacy@medium.com).  
  
if you are from the eea, switzerland, or the united kingdom, please contact us
at [privacy@medium.com](mailto:privacy@medium.com) or contact our eu
representative verasafe online [here](https://www.verasafe.com/public-
resources/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/) or at:

verasafe ireland ltd.  
unit 3d north point house  
north point business park  
new mallow road cork t23at2p  
ireland

[

## medium policy

](https://policy.medium.com/?source=post_sidebar--------------------------
post_sidebar-----------)

the fine print

follow

[](https://medium.com/m/signin?actionurl=%2f_%2fvote%2fpolicy%2ff03bf92035c9&operation=register&redirect=https%3a%2f%2fpolicy.medium.com%2fmedium-
privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9&source=post_sidebar-----f03bf92035c9
---------------------clap_sidebar-----------)

35k

[](https://medium.com/m/signin?actionurl=%2f_%2fbookmark%2fp%2ff03bf92035c9&operation=register&redirect=https%3a%2f%2fpolicy.medium.com%2fmedium-
privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9&source=post_sidebar-----f03bf92035c9
---------------------bookmark_sidebar-----------)

[some rights reserved](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

  * [privacy](/tagged/privacy)
  * [media](/tagged/media)

[](https://medium.com/m/signin?actionurl=%2f_%2fvote%2fpolicy%2ff03bf92035c9&operation=register&redirect=https%3a%2f%2fpolicy.medium.com%2fmedium-
privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9&source=post_actions_footer-----f03bf92035c9
---------------------clap_footer-----------)

35k claps

[](https://medium.com/m/signin?actionurl=%2f_%2fvote%2fpolicy%2ff03bf92035c9&operation=register&redirect=https%3a%2f%2fpolicy.medium.com%2fmedium-
privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9&source=post_actions_footer-----f03bf92035c9
---------------------clap_footer-----------)

35k claps

[](https://medium.com/m/signin?actionurl=%2f_%2fbookmark%2fp%2ff03bf92035c9&operation=register&redirect=https%3a%2f%2fpolicy.medium.com%2fmedium-
privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9&source=post_actions_footer
--------------------------bookmark_footer-----------)

[![medium](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/160/160/1*shhtyhace2uc3iu0igkwiq.png)](https://medium.com/@medium?source=follow_footer-------------------------------------)

written by

##
[medium](https://medium.com/@medium?source=follow_footer-------------------------------------)

follow

everyone’s stories and ideas

follow

[![medium
policy](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/160/160/1*vbt1uiqgcnkimnxaq_ukda.png)](https://policy.medium.com/?source=follow_footer-------------------------------------)

## [medium
policy](https://policy.medium.com/?source=follow_footer-------------------------------------)

follow

the fine print

follow

[![medium](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/80/80/1*shhtyhace2uc3iu0igkwiq.png)](https://medium.com/@medium?source=follow_footer-------------------------------------)

written by

##
[medium](https://medium.com/@medium?source=follow_footer-------------------------------------)

follow

everyone’s stories and ideas

[![medium
policy](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/80/80/1*vbt1uiqgcnkimnxaq_ukda.png)](https://policy.medium.com/?source=follow_footer-------------------------------------)

## [medium
policy](https://policy.medium.com/?source=follow_footer-------------------------------------)

follow

the fine print

## more from medium

## [medium: the diversity report](https://blog.medium.com/medium-the-
diversity-report-503dd91c2edd?source=post_internal_links---------
0----------------------------)

[medium](https://medium.com/@medium?source=post_internal_links---------
0----------------------------) in [3 min
read](https://blog.medium.com/?source=post_internal_links---------
0----------------------------)

[![](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/1*n-u0fshaxkzms88rzwfgaw.png?q=20)![](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/140/140/1*n-u0fshaxkzms88rzwfgaw.png)](https://blog.medium.com/medium-
the-diversity-report-503dd91c2edd?source=post_internal_links---------
0----------------------------)

## [remote (digital) signatures and eidas
regulation](https://b-vieira.medium.com/remote-digital-signatures-and-the-
eidas-regulation-af4384be679d?source=post_internal_links---------
1----------------------------)

[bárbara vieira](https://b-vieira.medium.com/?source=post_internal_links
---------1----------------------------)

[![](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/1*ydy8ztgscrgqahs11rsyww@2x.jpeg?q=20)![](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/140/140/1*ydy8ztgscrgqahs11rsyww@2x.jpeg)](https://b-vieira.medium.com/remote-
digital-signatures-and-the-eidas-regulation-
af4384be679d?source=post_internal_links---------1----------------------------)

## [stop writing to yourself.](https://writingcooperative.com/stop-writing-to-
yourself-e79b9fa5bed0?source=post_internal_links---------
2----------------------------)

[takarudana
mapendembe](https://medium.com/@mapendembet?source=post_internal_links
---------2----------------------------) in [the writing
cooperative](https://writingcooperative.com/?source=post_internal_links
---------2----------------------------)

[![](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/0*8sjwpomolkhkwaex?q=20)![](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/140/140/0*8sjwpomolkhkwaex)](https://writingcooperative.com/stop-
writing-to-yourself-e79b9fa5bed0?source=post_internal_links---------
2----------------------------)

## [three signs of an amateur writer](https://zachjpayne.medium.com/three-
signs-of-an-amateur-writer-99c18999275c?source=post_internal_links---------
3----------------------------)

[zach j. payne](https://zachjpayne.medium.com/?source=post_internal_links
---------3----------------------------)

[![](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/0*3e3z3gioa1gopbw5?q=20)![](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/140/140/0*3e3z3gioa1gopbw5)](https://zachjpayne.medium.com/three-
signs-of-an-amateur-writer-99c18999275c?source=post_internal_links---------
3----------------------------)

## [this is why nobody is reading your
content](https://writingcooperative.com/this-is-why-nobody-is-reading-your-
content-ee9a78a48ba4?source=post_internal_links---------
4----------------------------)

[adrian drew](https://adriandrew.medium.com/?source=post_internal_links
---------4----------------------------) in [the writing
cooperative](https://writingcooperative.com/?source=post_internal_links
---------4----------------------------)

[![](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/1*pwxcdcbtwnquvkenzhbvug.jpeg?q=20)![](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/140/140/1*pwxcdcbtwnquvkenzhbvug.jpeg)](https://writingcooperative.com/this-
is-why-nobody-is-reading-your-content-ee9a78a48ba4?source=post_internal_links
---------4----------------------------)

## [mute: a new way to control your medium
experience](https://blog.medium.com/mute-a-new-way-to-control-your-medium-
experience-ac5cec1edd4a?source=post_internal_links---------
5----------------------------)

[medium staff](https://medium.com/@mediumstaff?source=post_internal_links
---------5----------------------------) in [3 min
read](https://blog.medium.com/?source=post_internal_links---------
5----------------------------)

[![](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/1*sjrwnjhhukz7uevp5ayc1w.jpeg?q=20)![](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/140/140/1*sjrwnjhhukz7uevp5ayc1w.jpeg)](https://blog.medium.com/mute-
a-new-way-to-control-your-medium-experience-
ac5cec1edd4a?source=post_internal_links---------5----------------------------)

## [the british government are struggling to
spy](https://medium.com/illumination/the-british-government-are-struggling-to-
spy-f9be8e1c1697?source=post_internal_links---------
6----------------------------)

[simon
doherty](https://simondohertylondon.medium.com/?source=post_internal_links
---------6----------------------------) in
[illumination](https://medium.com/illumination?source=post_internal_links
---------6----------------------------)

[![](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/1*wopn0zfrfhm1ieffx9byiw.png?q=20)![](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/140/140/1*wopn0zfrfhm1ieffx9byiw.png)](https://medium.com/illumination/the-
british-government-are-struggling-to-
spy-f9be8e1c1697?source=post_internal_links---------
6----------------------------)

## [tips and tricks for medium writers](https://blog.medium.com/tips-and-
tricks-for-medium-writers-1d79498101c3?source=post_internal_links---------
7----------------------------)

[medium](https://medium.com/@medium?source=post_internal_links---------
7----------------------------) in [3 min
read](https://blog.medium.com/?source=post_internal_links---------
7----------------------------)

[![](https://miro.medium.com/max/60/1*hn4v1tcajy7cwmyb0bpnpq.png?q=20)![](https://miro.medium.com/fit/c/140/140/1*hn4v1tcajy7cwmyb0bpnpq.png)](https://blog.medium.com/tips-
and-tricks-for-medium-writers-1d79498101c3?source=post_internal_links---------
7----------------------------)

[

## learn more.

](https://medium.com/about?autoplay=1&source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

medium is an open platform where 170 million readers come to find insightful
and dynamic thinking. here, expert and undiscovered voices alike dive into the
heart of any topic and bring new ideas to the surface. [learn
more](https://medium.com/about?autoplay=1&source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[

## make medium yours.

](https://medium.com/topics?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

follow the writers, publications, and topics that matter to you, and you’ll
see them on your homepage and in your inbox.
[explore](https://medium.com/topics?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[

## share your thinking.

](https://about.medium.com/creators/?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

if you have a story to tell, knowledge to share, or a perspective to offer —
welcome home. it’s easy and free to post your thinking on any topic. [write on
medium](https://about.medium.com/creators/?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[](https://medium.com/?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[about](https://medium.com/about?autoplay=1&source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[help](https://help.medium.com/hc/en-us?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[legal](/medium-terms-of-service-9db0094a1e0f?source=post_page-----
f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

get the medium app

[![a button that says 'download on the app store', and if clicked it will lead
you to the ios app
store](https://miro.medium.com/max/270/1*crl55tm6ydnmoucpo1tvdg.png)](https://itunes.apple.com/app/medium-
everyones-stories/id828256236?pt=698524&mt=8&ct=post_page&source=post_page
-----f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

[![a button that says 'get it on, google play', and if clicked it will lead
you to the google play
store](https://miro.medium.com/max/270/1*w_rapq62h0em559zlujldq.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.medium.reader&source=post_page
-----f03bf92035c9--------------------------------)

