![](https://web.vortex.data.microsoft.com:443/collect/v1/t.gif?&name=%27ms.webi.pageview%27&ver=%272.1%27&appid=%27js%3alegal%27&cv=%279sexslsijesrzzrl.0%27&ext-
app-env=%27onerf_prod%27&ext-javascript-libver=%274.0.0-beta-10%27&ext-user-
localid=%27t%3a0c60b5c85ab666a12941ba245b9e67ca%27&*basetype=%27ms.content.pageview%27&*isjs=true&*isloggedin=false&*ismanual=true&*serverimpressionguid=%2758fe8c3a-650c-4ef9-be8e-ac774e6132b9%27&-ver=%271.0%27&-impressionguid=%2700000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000%27&-pagename=%27copyright%27&-uri=%27https%3a%2f%2fwww.microsoft.com%2fen-
us%2flegal%2fintellectualproperty%2fcopyright%27&-pagetype=%27authoring.allmodules%27&-pagetags=%27%7b%22tasid%22%3a%22fc0983b5-6552-4023-8637-abe0a9cf7fce%22%2c%22tasmuid%22%3a%220c60b5c85ab666a12941ba245b9e67ca%22%2c%22browsergroup%22%3a%22uplevel.web.pc.webkit.chrome%22%2c%22isonerf%22%3a%22true%22%7d%27&-behavior=0&-market=%27en-
us%27)

![]()

[]()

[skip to main content](javascript:void\(0\))

[ ![](https://img-prod-cms-rt-microsoft-
com.akamaized.net/cms/api/am/imagefiledata/re1mu3b?ver=5c31) microsoft
](https://www.microsoft.com)

legal

[ legal ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal )

legal

  * [ home ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal )
  * diversity & inclusion 
    * [our efforts](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/diversity/default.aspx)
    * [diversity in cela](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/diversity/ourworkincela)
    * [diversifying the profession](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/diversity/addressingthepipeline)
    * [working with law firm partners](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/diversity/lawfirmdiversityprogram)
    * [diversity news](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/diversity/news)

  * licensing terms
    * [license lookup](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/useterms)
    * [piracy](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/howtotell)
    * [productivity solutions](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/productivity/default.aspx)
    * [terms of use](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/copyright/default.aspx)

  * compliance & ethics
    * [report a concern](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/reportaconcern)
    * [microsoft compliance program](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance)
    * standards of business conduct
      * [overview](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/default.aspx)
      * [download the standards](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/download)
      * [values and culture](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/values-culture)
      * [report a concern](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/reportaconcern)
    * our culture of trust
      * [microsoft runs on trust](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/integrity)
      * [our customers](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/trust-customers)
      * [governments and communities](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/trust-governments-communities)
      * [trust in each other](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/trust-eachother)
      * [our investors and the public](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/trust-investors-public)
      * [our representatives](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/trust-representatives)
      * [upholding the standards](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/sbc/standards)
    * anti-corruption & anti-bribery
      * [microsoft's commitment](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/anticorruption/default.aspx)
      * [trustworthy representatives](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/anticorruption/reppolicy.aspx)
      * [state-owned entity criteria](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/anticorruption/criteria.aspx)
    * environmental compliance
      * [devices compliance and sustainability](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/environmental-compliance)
      * [cloud responsible packaging](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/compliance/cloud-responsible)
      * [responsible sourcing compliance]( https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/corporate-responsibility/responsible-sourcing)

  * anti-trust & interoperability
    * [anti-trust & interoperability](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/antitrust)
    * [european commission decision of 2004](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/antitrust/eudecision)
    * [interoperability](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/interoperability)

  * more
    * intellectual property
      * [intellectual property home](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/default)
      * technology licensing
        * [technology licensing home](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/tech-licensing/default)
        * [technology programs](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/tech-licensing/programs)
        * [microsoft technology licensing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/mtl/default)
        * [licensing policy](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/iplicensing/policy)
        * [support for industry standards](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/iplicensing/ip2)
        * [covenants to customer agreements](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/iplicensing/customercovenant/customeragreements)
        * [online disclaimer](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/onlinedisclaimer)
        * [intellectual property and open source](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/ip-and-open-source)
      * [patents](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/patents/default)
      * copyrights
        * [copyrights ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/permissions/default)
        * [copyrights faqs](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/copyright/default.aspx)
      * [trademarks](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general)
      * [azure advantage](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/azure-ip-advantage/)
    * arbitration & dispute resolution
      * [us arbitration and dispute resolution ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration)
      * more us arbitration terms
        * [for microsoft office 2013](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration/office2013.aspx)
        * [for microsoft onenote](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration/onenote.aspx)
        * [for microsoft skype](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration/skype.aspx)
        * [for microsoft store](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration/msstore.aspx)
        * [for windows 8](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration/windows8.aspx)
        * [for windows 8.1 preview](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration/windows8_1.aspx)
        * [for xbox live](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration/xbox-live.aspx)
        * [european union arbitration and dispute resolution](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/arbitration/eu-odr.aspx)
    * [consumer settlement](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/class/default.aspx)

  * all microsoft
    *       * [microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365)
      * [office](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/microsoft-office)
      * [windows](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/)
      * [surface](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface)
      * [xbox](https://www.xbox.com/)
      * [deals](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/sale?icid=gm_nav_l0_salepage)
      * [support](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us)
    * software
      * [windows apps](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/apps/windows?icid=cnavappswindowsapps)
      * [onedrive](https://onedrive.live.com/about/en-us/)
      * [outlook](https://outlook.live.com/owa/)
      * [skype](https://www.skype.com/en/)
      * [onenote](https://www.onenote.com/)
      * [microsoft teams](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-teams/free?icid=ssm_as_promo_apps_microsoftteams)
      * [microsoft edge](https://www.microsoft.com/edge)
    * pcs & devices 
      * [computers](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/pc?icid=cnavdevicespc)
      * [shop xbox](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/xbox?icid=cnavdevicesxbox)
      * [accessories](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/accessories?icid=cnavdevicesaccessories)
      * [vr & mixed reality](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/virtualreality?icid=cnavvirtualreality)
      * [phones](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/mobile?icid=cnavdevicesmobile)
    * entertainment
      * [xbox game pass ultimate](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/xbox-game-pass-ultimate/cfq7ttc0khs0?wt.mc_id=cnavgamesxboxgamepassultimate)
      * [xbox live gold](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/xbox-live-gold/cfq7ttc0k5dj?wt.mc_id=cnavgamesxboxlivegold)
      * [xbox games](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/xbox?icid=cnavdevicesxbox)
      * [pc games](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/games/windows?icid=cnavgameswindowsgames)
      * [windows digital games](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/games/windows?icid=topnavwindowsgames)
      * [movies & tv](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/movies-and-tv?icid=topnavmoviestv)
    * business
      * [microsoft azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/)
      * [microsoft dynamics 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/home)
      * [microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/business/all-business)
      * [microsoft industry](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise)
      * [data platform](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sql-server/ )
      * [microsoft advertising](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2026638)
      * [power platform](https://powerplatform.microsoft.com/en-us)
      * [shop business](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/business?icid=cnavbusinessstore)
    * developer & it 
      * [.net](https://www.microsoft.com/net/)
      * [visual studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
      * [windows server](https://www.microsoft.com/cloud-platform/windows-server)
      * [windows dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
      * [docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/)
      * [power apps](https://powerapps.microsoft.com/en-us)
      * [hololens 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens)
    * other
      * [microsoft rewards ](https://www.microsoft.com/rewards)
      * [free downloads & security](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/default.aspx)
      * [education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education?icid=cnavmscoml0_studentsandeducation)
      * [virtual workshops and training](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/workshops-training-and-events?icid=vl_uf_932020)
      * [gift cards](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/gift-cards)
      * [licensing](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/default)
      * [microsoft experience center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/locations/ny/new-york/fifth-avenue-/store-1087?icid=uhf_h_mec)
    * [view sitemap](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sitemap.aspx)

search search microsoft legal resources

cancel [ 0 cart 0 items in shopping cart ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/store/buy)

sign in

# microsoft terms of use

last updated: june 24, 2015

  

  * acceptance of terms
  * description of services
  * personal and non-commercial use limitation
  * privacy and protection of personal information
  * notice specific to software available on this website
  * notice specific to documents available on this website
  * notices regarding software, documents, and services available on this website
  * member account, password, and security
  * no unlawful or prohibited use
  * use of services
  * materials provided to microsoft or posted at any microsoft website
  * notices and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement
  * links to third-party sites
  * unsolicited idea submission policy

## acceptance of terms

the services that microsoft provides to you are subject to the following terms
of use ("tou"). microsoft reserves the right to update the tou at any time
without notice to you. the most current version of the tou can be reviewed by
clicking on the "terms of use" hypertext link located at the bottom of our web
pages.

## description of services

through its network of web properties, microsoft provides you with access to a
variety of resources, including developer tools, download areas, communication
forums and product information (collectively "services"). the services,
including any updates, enhancements, new features, and/or the addition of any
new web properties, are subject to the tou.

## personal and non-commercial use limitation

unless otherwise specified, the services are for your personal and non-
commercial use. you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display,
perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer,
or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from the
services.

## privacy and protection of personal information

see the [privacy statement](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=248681)
disclosures relating to the collection and use of your information.

## notice specific to software available on this website

any software that is made available to download from the services ("software")
is the copyrighted work of microsoft and/or its suppliers. use of the software
is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which
accompanies or is included with the software ("license agreement"). an end
user will be unable to install any software that is accompanied by or includes
a license agreement, unless he or she first agrees to the license agreement
terms. third party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from this website,
are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by microsoft.

the software is made available for download solely for use by end users
according to the license agreement. any reproduction or redistribution of the
software not in accordance with the license agreement is expressly prohibited
by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. violators will
be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.

without limiting the foregoing, copying or reproduction of the software to any
other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is
expressly prohibited, unless such reproduction or redistribution is expressly
permitted by the license agreement accompanying such software.

the software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the
license agreement. except as warranted in the license agreement, microsoft
corporation hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to the
software, including all warranties and conditions of merchantability, whether
express, implied or statutory, fitness for a particular purpose, title and
non-infringement. for your convenience, microsoft may make available as part
of the services or in its software products, tools and utilities for use
and/or download. microsoft does not make any assurances with regard to the
accuracy of the results or output that derives from such use of any such tools
and utilities. please respect the intellectual property rights of others when
using the tools and utilities made available on the services or in microsoft
software products.

restricted rights legend. any software which is downloaded from the services
for or on behalf of the united states of america, its agencies and/or
instrumentalities ("u.s. government"), is provided with restricted rights.
use, duplication, or disclosure by the u.s. government is subject to
restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in
technical data and computer software clause at dfars 252.227-7013 or
subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of the commercial computer software - restricted
rights at 48 cfr 52.227-19, as applicable. manufacturer is microsoft
corporation, one microsoft way, redmond, wa 98052-6399.

## notice specific to documents available on this website

permission to use documents (such as white papers, press releases, datasheets
and faqs) from the services is granted, provided that (1) the below copyright
notice appears in all copies and that both the copyright notice and this
permission notice appear, (2) use of such documents from the services is for
informational and non-commercial or personal use only and will not be copied
or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, and (3) no
modifications of any documents are made. accredited educational institutions,
such as k-12, universities, private/public colleges, and state community
colleges, may download and reproduce the documents for distribution in the
classroom. distribution outside the classroom requires express written
permission. use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law, and may
result in severe civil and criminal penalties. violators will be prosecuted to
the maximum extent possible.

documents specified above do not include the design or layout of the
microsoft.com website or any other microsoft owned, operated, licensed or
controlled site. elements of microsoft websites are protected by trade dress,
trademark, unfair competition, and other laws and may not be copied or
imitated in whole or in part. no logo, graphic, sound or image from any
microsoft website may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by
microsoft.

microsoft and/or its respective suppliers make no representations about the
suitability of the information contained in the documents and related graphics
published as part of the services for any purpose. all such documents and
related graphics are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. microsoft
and/or its respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions
with regard to this information, including all warranties and conditions of
merchantability, whether express, implied or statutory, fitness for a
particular purpose, title and non-infringement. in no event shall microsoft
and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any special, indirect or
consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use,
data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other
tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance
of information available from the services.

the documents and related graphics published on the services could include
technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. changes are periodically added
to the information herein. microsoft and/or its respective suppliers may make
improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described
herein at any time.

## notices regarding software, documents, and services available  
on this website

in no event shall microsoft and/or its respective suppliers be liable for any
special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting
from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract,
negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the
use or performance of software, documents, provision of or failure to provide
services, or information available from the services.

## member account, password, and security

if any of the services requires you to open an account, you must complete the
registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate
information as prompted by the applicable registration form. you also will
choose a password and a user name. you are entirely responsible for
maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. furthermore, you
are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your
account. you agree to notify microsoft immediately of any unauthorized use of
your account or any other breach of security. microsoft will not be liable for
any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or
account, either with or without your knowledge. however, you could be held
liable for losses incurred by microsoft or another party due to someone else
using your account or password. you may not use anyone else's account at any
time, without the permission of the account holder.

## no unlawful or prohibited use

as a condition of your use of the services, you will not use the services for
any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and
notices. you may not use the services in any manner that could damage,
disable, overburden, or impair any microsoft server, or the network(s)
connected to any microsoft server, or interfere with any other party's use and
enjoyment of any services. you may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to
any services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any
microsoft server or to any of the services, through hacking, password mining
or any other means. you may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or
information through any means not intentionally made available through the
services.

## use of services

the services may contain e-mail services, bulletin board services, chat areas,
news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, photo albums,
file cabinets and/or other message or communication facilities designed to
enable you to communicate with others (each a "communication service" and
collectively "communication services"). you agree to use the communication
services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper
and, when applicable, related to the particular communication service. by way
of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using the
communication services, you will not:

  * use the communication services in connection with surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages (commercial or otherwise).
  * defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
  * publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
  * upload, or otherwise make available, files that contain images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same.
  * use any material or information, including images or photographs, which are made available through the services in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any party.
  * upload files that contain viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another.
  * advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such communication services specifically allows such messages.
  * download any file posted by another user of a communication service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally reproduced, displayed, performed, and/or distributed in such manner.
  * falsify or delete any copyright management information, such as author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded. 
  * restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the communication services.
  * violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular communication service.
  * harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses.
  * violate any applicable laws or regulations.
  * create a false identity for the purpose of misleading others.
  * use, download or otherwise copy, or provide (whether or not for a fee) to a person or entity any directory of users of the services or other user or usage information or any portion thereof.

microsoft has no obligation to monitor the communication services. however,
microsoft reserves the right to review materials posted to the communication
services and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. microsoft
reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the communication
services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever.

microsoft reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as
microsoft deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal
process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any
information or materials, in whole or in part, in microsoft's sole discretion.

always use caution when giving out any personally identifiable information
about yourself or your children in any communication services. microsoft does
not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any
communication services and, therefore, microsoft specifically disclaims any
liability with regard to the communication services and any actions resulting
from your participation in any communication services. managers and hosts are
not authorized microsoft spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily
reflect those of microsoft.

materials uploaded to the communication services may be subject to posted
limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination; you are responsible
for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.

## materials provided to microsoft or posted at any microsoft website

microsoft does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to microsoft
(including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any
services or its associated services for review by the general public, or by
the members of any public or private community, (each a "submission" and
collectively "submissions"). however, by posting, uploading, inputting,
providing or submitting ("posting") your submission you are granting
microsoft, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to
use your submission in connection with the operation of their internet
businesses (including, without limitation, all microsoft services), including,
without limitation, the license rights to: copy, distribute, transmit,
publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat
your submission; to publish your name in connection with your submission; and
the right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the services.

no compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your submission, as
provided herein. microsoft is under no obligation to post or use any
submission you may provide and microsoft may remove any submission at any time
in its sole discretion.

by posting a submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise
control all of the rights to your submission as described in these terms of
use including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to
provide, post, upload, input or submit the submissions.

in addition to the warranty and representation set forth above, by posting a
submission that contain images, photographs, pictures or that are otherwise
graphical in whole or in part ("images"), you warrant and represent that (a)
you are the copyright owner of such images, or that the copyright owner of
such images has granted you permission to use such images or any content
and/or images contained in such images consistent with the manner and purpose
of your use and as otherwise permitted by these terms of use and the services,
(b) you have the rights necessary to grant the licenses and sublicenses
described in these terms of use, and (c) that each person depicted in such
images, if any, has provided consent to the use of the images as set forth in
these terms of use, including, by way of example, and not as a limitation, the
distribution, public display and reproduction of such images. by posting
images, you are granting (a) to all members of your private community (for
each such images available to members of such private community), and/or (b)
to the general public (for each such images available anywhere on the
services, other than a private community), permission to use your images in
connection with the use, as permitted by these terms of use, of any of the
services, (including, by way of example, and not as a limitation, making
prints and gift items which include such images), and including, without
limitation, a non-exclusive, world-wide, royalty-free license to: copy,
distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit,
translate and reformat your images without having your name attached to such
images, and the right to sublicense such rights to any supplier of the
services. the licenses granted in the preceding sentences for a images will
terminate at the time you completely remove such images from the services,
provided that, such termination shall not affect any licenses granted in
connection with such images prior to the time you completely remove such
images. no compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your images.

## notices and procedure for making claims of copyright infringement

pursuant to title 17, united states code, section 512(c)(2), notifications of
claimed copyright infringement should be sent to service provider's designated
agent. all inquiries not relevant to the following procedure will not receive
a response.

see [notice and procedure for making claims of copyright
infringement](http://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtinfrg.aspx).

## links to third party sites

the links in this area will let you leave microsoft's site. the linked sites
are not under the control of microsoft and microsoft is not responsible for
the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, or any
changes or updates to such sites. microsoft is not responsible for webcasting
or any other form of transmission received from any linked site. microsoft is
providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any
link does not imply endorsement by microsoft of the site.

## unsolicited idea submission policy

microsoft or any of its employees do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas,
including ideas for new advertising campaigns, new promotions, new products or
technologies, processes, materials, marketing plans or new product names.
please do not send any original creative artwork, samples, demos, or other
works. the sole purpose of this policy is to avoid potential misunderstandings
or disputes when microsoft's products or marketing strategies might seem
similar to ideas submitted to microsoft. so, please do not send your
unsolicited ideas to microsoft or anyone at microsoft. if, despite our request
that you not send us your ideas and materials, you still send them, please
understand that microsoft makes no assurances that your ideas and materials
will be treated as confidential or proprietary.

what's new

  * [surface duo](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/devices/surface-duo)
  * [surface laptop go](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-laptop-go/94fc0bdgq7wv)
  * [surface pro x](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-pro-x/8qg3bmrhnwhk)
  * [surface go 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-go-2/8pt3s2vjmdr6)
  * [surface book 3](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-book-3/8xbw9g3z71f1)
  * [microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365)
  * [windows 10 apps](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-10-apps)
  * [hololens 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens)

microsoft store

  * [account profile](https://account.microsoft.com/)
  * [download center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
  * [microsoft store support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2139749)
  * [returns](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=824764&clcid=0x409)
  * [order tracking](https://account.microsoft.com/orders)
  * [virtual workshops and training](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/workshops-training-and-events?icid=vl_uf_932020)
  * [microsoft store promise](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/why-microsoft-store?icid=footer_why-msft-store_7102020)
  * [financing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/financing?icid=footer_financing_10142020)

education

  * [microsoft in education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education)
  * [office for students](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/products/office/default.aspx)
  * [office 365 for schools](https://products.office.com/en-us/academic/compare-office-365-education-plans)
  * [deals for students & parents](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/education?icid=cnavfooter_studentsandeducation)
  * [microsoft azure in education](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/community/education/)

enterprise

  * [azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/)
  * [appsource ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=808093)
  * [automotive](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/automotive)
  * [government](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/government)
  * [healthcare](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/health)
  * [manufacturing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/manufacturing)
  * [financial services](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/financial-services/banking-and-capital-markets)
  * [retail](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/retail-consumer-goods)

developer

  * [microsoft visual studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
  * [windows dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
  * [developer center](https://developer.microsoft.com/)
  * [microsoft developer program](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/store/register)
  * [channel 9](https://channel9.msdn.com/)
  * [office dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/office)
  * [microsoft garage](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/garage/)

company

  * [careers](https://careers.microsoft.com/)
  * [about microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/about)
  * [company news](https://news.microsoft.com/)
  * [privacy at microsoft](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us)
  * [investors](https://www.microsoft.com/investor/default.aspx)
  * [diversity and inclusion](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/diversity/)
  * [accessibility](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/accessibility)
  * [security](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/default.aspx)

[english (united states)](http://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/locale.aspx?absolutereturnurl=https%3a%2f%2fwww.microsoft.com%2fen-
us%2flegal%2fintellectualproperty%2fcopyright)

  * [sitemap](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sitemap1.aspx)
  * [contact microsoft](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/contactus)
  * [privacy ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=521839)
  * manage cookies
  * [terms of use](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=206977)
  * [trademarks](https://www.microsoft.com/trademarks)
  * [safety & eco](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/devices/safety-and-eco )
  * [about our ads](https://choice.microsoft.com)
  * (c) microsoft 2021

