  * [ ](https://turbotax.intuit.com/?cid=seq_intuit_tt_click_hd)
  * [ ](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/?sc=seq_intuit_qb_click_hd)
  * [ ](https://mint.intuit.com/?cid=intuitca_home&utm_source=bar_header)

united states (english)

[

united states (english)

](https://www.intuit.com/) [

canada (english)

](https://www.intuit.com/ca/) [

canada (français)

](https://www.intuit.com/fr-ca/) [

india

](https://www.intuit.com/in/)

[ ![intuit](https://www.intuit.com/oicms/i_com/uploads/2019/11/icom-intuit-
nav-logo-small.png) ](https://www.intuit.com)

  * [products](https://www.intuit.com/products)

    * individuals
    * [quickbooks self-employed](http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed/?sc=seq_intuit_qbse_click_nav)
    * [mint](https://www.mint.com/?task=s&utm_medium=intuit_home&utm_source=nav_products)
    * [turbotax](https://turbotax.intuit.com/?cid=seq_intuit_tt_click_nav)
    * for small businesses
    * [quickbooks](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/?sc=seq_intuit_qb_click_nav)
    * [checks and tax forms](http://www.intuitmarket.com/imcomsubnav16)
    * [quickbooks payroll](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/payroll/?sc=seq_intuit_proll_click_nav)
    * [payments](https://payments.intuit.com/payment-processing/?sc=seq_intuit_pay_click_nav)
    * [quickbooks time](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/time-tracking/)
    * accountants
    * [lacerte tax](https://proconnect.intuit.com/lacerte/?s_cid=intuit.com_products-nav_lacerte)
    * [proconnect tax](https://proconnect.intuit.com/tax-online/?s_cid=intuit.com_products-nav_taxonline)
    * [proseries tax](https://proconnect.intuit.com/proseries/?s_cid=intuit.com_products-nav_proseries)
    * [quickbooks online accountants](http://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/?sc=intuitcom_homepage_topnav_qbaccts)
  * [support and blogs](https://www.intuit.com/support)

    * product support
    * [turbotax support](https://ttlc.intuit.com/)
    * [quickbooks support](https://support.quickbooks.intuit.com/support/)
    * [proconnect support](https://proconnect.intuit.com/community/)
    * [mint community](https://mint.lc.intuit.com/mint)
    * blogs
    * [intuit blog](http://www.intuit.com/blog/)
    * [turbotax blog](http://blog.turbotax.intuit.com/)
    * [quickbooks blog](http://quickbooks.intuit.com/blog/)
    * [tax pro center for accountants](https://taxprocenter.proconnect.intuit.com/?s_cid=intuit.com_homepage_taxprocenter)
  * [company](https://www.intuit.com/company)

    *     * [about intuit](https://www.intuit.com/company)
    * [careers](https://careers.intuit.com/)
    * [intuit technology](https://www.intuit.com/technology)
    * [investor relations](https://investors.intuit.com/)
    * [worldwide locations](https://www.intuit.com/company/locations/)
    * [contact us](https://www.intuit.com/company/contact)
  * [partners](https://www.intuit.com/partners/)

    *     * [intuit education](https://www.intuit.com/partners/education-program/)
    * [intuit supplier program](https://www.intuit.com/company/supplier-programs/)
  * [accountants](https://www.intuit.com/accountants/)

    *     * [overview](https://www.intuit.com/accountants/)
    *     * [all professional tax](https://proconnect.intuit.com/)
    * [lacerte tax](https://proconnect.intuit.com/lacerte/)
    * [proconnect tax](https://proconnect.intuit.com/tax-online/)
    * [proseries tax](https://proconnect.intuit.com/proseries/)
    * [easyacct write-up](https://proconnect.intuit.com/easyacct/)
    *     * [quickbooks for accountants](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/)
    * [online accountant](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/products-solutions/accounting/online/)
    * [accountant desktop](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/products-solutions/accounting/desktop/)
    * [online payroll](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/products-solutions/payroll/quickbooks-online-payroll/)
    * [online time tracking](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/products-solutions/time-tracking/)
    * [proadvisor program](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/proadvisor/)
    * [accountant university](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/training-certification/accountant-university/)
    *     * [turbotax live expert opportunities](https://turbotax.intuit.com/tax-expert-network/)
    * [quickbooks live expert opportunities](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/qblive/)
  *     * [ ](https://turbotax.intuit.com/?cid=seq_intuit_tt_click_hd)
    * [ ](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/?sc=seq_intuit_qb_click_hd)
    * [ ](https://mint.intuit.com/?cid=intuitca_home&utm_source=bar_header)
  * united states (english)

[

united states (english)

](https://www.intuit.com/) [

canada (english)

](https://www.intuit.com/ca/) [

canada (français)

](https://www.intuit.com/fr-ca/) [

india

](https://www.intuit.com/in/)

  * 

[ sign in ](https://www.intuit.com/sign-in)

#  company information

##  we are laser focused on our customers, live and breathe innovation, and
champion those who dare to dream.

  * [

## core beliefs

#### operating values

](https://www.intuit.com/company/operating-values)

  * [

## our mission

#### corporate responsibility

](https://www.intuit.com/company/corporate-responsibility/)

  * [

## executive profiles

#### intuit leaders

](https://www.intuit.com/company/executives/)

  * [

## get in touch

#### contact us

](https://www.intuit.com/company/contact/)

###  our mission is powering prosperity around the world

we do it by attracting the world’s top talent, bringing vital partners into
our global platform, and leaving the world a better place through exceptional
corporate citizenship.

###  more money, more time, more confidence

whatever prosperity means to you, we’re committed to working on your behalf
and making it happen. every day we innovate with our flagship products -
turbotax, quickbooks, and mint. so no matter your financial need, we have a
solution that can help. whether you’re a consumer, self-employed, or a small
business owner, we’re in your corner to help make your dreams of prosperity
come true.

###  the power of many

we tap our global ecosystem of partners and users—all ~57 million of them—for
high-value insights. then we put that power at your fingertips by delivering
awesome product experiences. we focus the power of many, to drive the
prosperity of one.

  * [

## operating values

these values are core to our culture.

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/company/operating-values/)

  * [

## corporate responsibility

our worldwide presence, talent, and resources help bring our cr strategy to
life.

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/company/corporate-responsibility/)

  * [

## diversity and inclusion

learn about our commitment to diversity within the workplace.

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/company/corporate-responsibility/diversity/)

  * [

## code of conduct

our code of conduct and ethics documents outlines how we carry ourselves.

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/company/code-of-conduct-and-ethics/)

  * [

## executive profiles

learn about the leaders that are on the mission of powering prosperity around
the world.

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/company/executives/)

  * [

## investor relations

get investor information, quarterly reports, and small business lending
options.

#### learn more

](https://investors.intuit.com/)

  * [

## press room

find the latest company news, press kits, media contacts, and more.

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/company/press-room/)

  * [

## military program

we are comitted to creating job opportunities and empowering military families
and veterans' financial lives.

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/military/)

  * [

## supplier programs

explore ways to integrate with our global platform to benefit our customers’
lives.

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/company/supplier-programs)

  * [

## covid-19 information

a message to our customers and partners on covid-19

#### learn more

](https://www.intuit.com/company/covid19-info/)

## intuit fast facts

##### some of key highlights of intuit history, awards, and financial
information.

  * ranked 11 on fortune's 100 best companies to work for

  * people magazine companies that care

  * forbes america’s best employers for diversity

10,000+ employees worldwide

20 locations 20 locations in 9 countries

$7.7b revenue in 2020

###

  * intuit was founded in 1983 by scott cook and tom proulx
  * we went public in 1993
  * the executive leadership team is led by [ceo sasan goodarzi](https://www.intuit.com/company/executives/sasan-goodarzi/) succeeding [executive chairman of the board, brad smith](https://www.intuit.com/company/executives/brad-smith/)
  * scott cook is our chairman of the executive committee

###

intuit is featured on:

  * [ranked #11 on fortune 100 best companies to work](https://fortune.com/best-companies/intuit/)
  * [people magazine companies that care](https://people.com/human-interest/people-50-companies-that-care-2018/#7-intuit)
  * [forbes america’s best employers for diversity](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jeffkauflin/2018/01/23/americas-best-employers-for-diversity/#16e583c97164)

###

for the fiscal year of 2020:

  * generated revenue growth of 15% in the small business & self-employed group, 13% in the consumer group and 4% in the strategic partner group
  * quickbooks online and turbotax online platform combined revenue growth over 22%, totaling approximately  
$4.8 billion

  * quickbooks online ecosystem revenue grew 31%, to $2.2 billion

  * [

## core beliefs

#### operating values

](https://www.intuit.com/company/operating-values)

  * [

## our mission

#### corporate responsibility

](https://www.intuit.com/company/corporate-responsibility/)

  * [

## executive profiles

#### intuit leaders

](https://www.intuit.com/company/executives/)

  * [

## get in touch

#### contact us

](https://www.intuit.com/company/contact/)

##  company

  * [ about intuit ](https://www.intuit.com/company)
  * [ investor relations ](http://investors.intuit.com/)
  * [ corporate citizenship ](https://www.intuit.com/company/corporate-responsibility/)
  * [ accessibility ](https://www.intuit.com/accessibility)
  * [ partner with intuit ](https://www.intuit.com/partners/)
  * [ contact us ](https://www.intuit.com/company/contact)
  * [ customer research ](https://www.intuit.com/products/user-research)

##  for individuals

  * [ turbotax ](https://turbotax.intuit.com/?cid=seq_intuit_tt_click_ft)
  * [ mint ](https://www.mint.com/?sc=seq_intuit_mint_click_ft)
  * [ quickbooks self-employed ](http://quickbooks.intuit.com/self-employed/?sc=seq_intuit_qbse_click_ft)
  * [ credit karma ](https://www.creditkarma.com/)

##  for small business

  * [ quickbooks ](http://quickbooks.intuit.com/?sc=seq_intuit_qb_click_ft)
  * [ check and tax forms ](http://www.intuitmarket.com/icomfooter)
  * [ payroll ](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/payroll?sc=seq_intuit_qbpayroll_click_ft)
  * [ payments ](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/payments/?sc=seq_intuit_pay_click_ft)
  * [ quickbooks time ](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/time-tracking/?sc=seq_intuit_qb_time_click_ft)
  * [ quickbooks capital ](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/capital/?sc=seq_intuit_qb_qbcapital_click_ft)

##  for accountants

  * [ lacerte tax ](https://proconnect.intuit.com/lacerte/?s_cid=intuit.com_products-footer_lacerte)
  * [ proconnect tax ](https://proconnect.intuit.com/tax-online/?s_cid=intuit.com_products-footer_taxonline)
  * [ proseries tax ](https://proconnect.intuit.com/proseries/?s_cid=intuit.com_products-footer_proseries)
  * [ quickbooks online accountant ](http://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/?sc=intuit.com&s_ev1=intuit.com_footer_qbaccountants)
  * [ proadvisor program ](http://quickbooks.intuit.com/accountants/proadvisor/?s_cid=intuit.com&s_ev1=intuit.com_footer_proadvisors)

[sitemap](https://www.intuit.com/sitemap)

select country

[

united states (english)

](https://www.intuit.com/) [

canada (english)

](https://www.intuit.com/ca/) [

canada (français)

](https://www.intuit.com/fr-ca/) [

india (english)

](https://www.intuit.com/in/)

contrast

[ ](https://www.facebook.com/intuit)

[ ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/intuit)

[ ](https://www.youtube.com/user/intuit)

[ ](https://twitter.com/intuit)

[ ](https://www.intuit.com/)

[ ](https://turbotax.intuit.com/?cid=seq_intuit_tt_click_ft) [
](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/?sc=seq_intuit_qb_click_ft) [
](https://mint.intuit.com/?cid=intuit_home&utm_source=bar_footer)

  * [about us](https://www.intuit.com/company)
  * [careers](http://careers.intuit.com/)
  * [press room](https://www.intuit.com/company/press-room)
  * [accessibility](https://www.intuit.com/accessibility/)
  * [terms and conditions](https://accounts.intuit.com/terms-of-service)

© 2021 intuit inc. all rights reserved. intuit, quickbooks, qb, turbotax,
proconnect, and mint are registered trademarks of intuit inc. terms and
conditions, features, support, pricing, and service options subject to change
without notice.

photographs © 2018 jeremy bitterman photography

[about cookies](https://security.intuit.com/index.php/intuit-cookie-policy/) |
manage cookies

  * [legal](https://www.intuit.com/legal)
  * [privacy](https://www.intuit.com/privacy/)
  * [security](https://security.intuit.com/)
  * [gdpr](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/)

[ ![truste privacy
seal](https://www.intuit.com/oicms/i_com/uploads/2019/12/seal.png)
](http://privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=7fc012b5-d53b-42d8-b980-c4f9091a97e1)

