menu

[
![mozilla](https://www.mozilla.org/media/protocol/img/logos/mozilla/black.40d1af88c248.svg)
](/en-us/)

[ download firefox ](/firefox/download/thanks/) [ firefox privacy notice
](/en-us/privacy/firefox/)

[get a firefox
account](https://accounts.firefox.com/signup?entrypoint=mozilla.org-
globalnav&form_type=button&utm_source=mozilla.org-
globalnav&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=navigation&utm_content=get-firefox-
account)

  * [firefox browsers](/en-us/firefox/browsers/)

close firefox browsers menu

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/protocol/img/logos/firefox/browser/logo-sm.f2523d97cbe0.png)

#### firefox for desktop

get the not-for-profit-backed browser on windows, mac or linux.

](/en-us/firefox/new/)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/protocol/img/logos/firefox/browser/logo-sm.f2523d97cbe0.png)

#### firefox for android

get the customizable mobile browser for android smartphones.

](/en-us/firefox/mobile/)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/protocol/img/logos/firefox/browser/logo-sm.f2523d97cbe0.png)

#### firefox for ios

get the mobile browser for your iphone or ipad.

](/en-us/firefox/mobile/)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/icons/icon-privacy-promise.eee1662acb03.svg)

#### privacy promise

learn how firefox treats your data with respect.

](/en-us/firefox/privacy/)

    * [

#### firefox blog

read about new firefox features and ways to stay safe online.

](https://blog.mozilla.org/firefox/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=firefox)

    * [

#### release notes

get the details on the latest firefox updates.

](/firefox/86.0/releasenotes/)

[view all firefox browsers](/en-us/firefox/browsers/)

  * [products](/en-us/firefox/products/)

close products menu

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/protocol/img/logos/firefox/monitor/logo-sm.0bc3e6ae9d32.png)

#### firefox monitor

see if your email has appeared in a company’s data breach.

](https://monitor.firefox.com/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=products)

    * [

#### facebook container

help prevent facebook from collecting your data outside their site.

](/en-us/firefox/facebookcontainer/)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/protocol/img/logos/pocket/pocket.f21f7a5dedba.svg)

#### pocket

save and discover the best stories from across the web.

](https://getpocket.com/firefox_learnmore/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=products)

    * [

#### mozilla vpn

get protection beyond your browser, on all your devices.

](https://vpn.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=products)

    * [

#### product promise

learn how each firefox product protects and respects your data.

](/en-us/firefox/privacy/products/)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/icons/icon-relay.aca61c9bb349.svg)

#### firefox relay

sign up for new accounts without handing over your email address.

](https://relay.firefox.com/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=products)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/icons/icon-fpn-beta.9e7bc3a29f6e.svg)

#### firefox private network (beta)

protect your browser’s connection to the internet.

](https://fpn.firefox.com/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=products)

[view all products](/en-us/firefox/products/)

  * [who we are](/en-us/about/)

close who we are menu

    * [

#### mozilla manifesto

learn about the values and principles that guide our mission.

](/en-us/about/manifesto/)

    * [

#### mozilla foundation

meet the not-for-profit behind firefox that stands for a better web.

](https://foundation.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=who-
we-are)

    * [

#### get involved

join the fight for a healthy internet.

](/en-us/contribute/)

    * [

#### leadership

meet the team that’s building technology for a better internet.

](/en-us/about/leadership/)

    * [

#### careers

work for a mission-driven organization that makes people-first products.

](https://careers.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=who-
we-are)

    * [

#### mozilla blog

learn about mozilla and the issues that matter to us.

](http://blog.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=who-
we-are)

[more about mozilla](/en-us/about/)

  * [innovation](https://labs.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=innovation)

close innovation menu

    * [

#### mozilla hubs

gather in this interactive, online, multi-dimensional social space.

](https://hubs.mozilla.com/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=innovation)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/protocol/img/logos/firefox/browser/developer/logo-sm.d3157a6ac671.png)

#### firefox developer edition

get the firefox browser built just for developers.

](/en-us/firefox/developer/)

    * [

#### mdn web docs

check out the home for web developer resources.

](https://developer.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=innovation)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/logos/firefox/logo-reality.6bcc5b8e7099.png)

#### firefox reality

explore the web with the firefox browser for virtual reality.

](https://mixedreality.mozilla.org/firefox-
reality/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=innovation)

    * [ ![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/nav/icons/icon-common-voice.127fa3f5dcb0.svg)

#### common voice

donate your voice so the future of the web can hear everyone.

](https://commonvoice.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=innovation)

    * [

#### webassembly

learn more about the new, low-level, assembly-like language.

](https://research.mozilla.org/webassembly/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=innovation)

[more mozilla
innovation](https://labs.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=nav&utm_content=innovation)

### menu

  * mozilla privacy
  * mozilla websites, communications & cookies

####  [mozilla privacy](/en-us/privacy/)

  * [mozilla websites, communications & cookies](/en-us/privacy/websites/)
  * [firefox browser](/en-us/privacy/firefox/)
  * [firefox better web](/en-us/privacy/betterweb/)
  * [firefox for fire tv](/en-us/privacy/firefox-fire-tv/)
  * [firefox reality](/en-us/privacy/firefox-reality/)
  * [firefox os](/en-us/privacy/firefox-os/)
  * [firefox focus](/en-us/privacy/firefox-focus/)
  * [firefox private network](/en-us/privacy/firefox-private-network/)
  * [firefox relay](/en-us/privacy/firefox-relay/)
  * [mozilla vpn](/en-us/privacy/mozilla-vpn/)
  * [thunderbird](/en-us/privacy/thunderbird/)

![](https://www.mozilla.org/media/img/trademarks/logo-mozm.5e95c457fdd1.png)

# websites, communications & cookies privacy notice

january 8, 2021

we care about your privacy. when mozilla (that's us) collects information
about you, our [mozilla privacy policy](/privacy/) describes how we handle
that information.

this privacy notice applies to mozilla operated websites and mobile apps,
which include the domains mozillians.org, mozilla.org, and firefox.com, among
others. this includes, for example, foundation.mozilla.org,
bugzilla.mozilla.org, reps.mozilla.org, careers.mozilla.org,
developers.mozilla.org, support.mozilla.org, addons.mozilla.org, and
wiki.mozilla.org.

## things you should know

we may receive personal information from you based on your interaction with us
on social media platforms; if you submit a job, intern, grant, or fellow
application; if you volunteer as a mozilla community member; if you submit
user feedback or a request to us; if you sign up for an account or for a
subscription; or if you engage with a product or policy campaign.

  * **social media** : if you engage with our social media accounts, such as twitter and facebook, we may receive personal information about you. if you use these networks, their privacy policies apply, and you are encouraged to read them.

  * **job, intern, grant & fellow applicants**: applicants for employment, internship, grant, or fellowship opportunities with mozilla are required to give us a name, street address, telephone number, email address, and resume, and sometimes additional information as well. we use this information to process and evaluate applications and to communicate with applicants about opportunities. we use [greenhouse](https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy) to handle employment and intern applications, and [fluxx.io](https://www.fluxx.io/privacy-policy) to handle fellowship and moss grant applications.

  * **contributors** : volunteering for mozilla as a community contributor may require mozilla and others to communicate with you at the email address that you provide in connection to your contribution and to recognize your efforts. if you contribute to bugzilla, mozilla reps, or our code base, then your email address and possibly your name will be publicly available to all internet users. if you create a profile at mozillians.org, it will be accessible to mozilla employees and mozilla contributors. you can edit your profile data at [profile settings](https://mozillians.org/user/edit). we sometimes use contributor information from sources (such as bugzilla) in dashboards to visually share aggregated data on the mozilla community. an example is <https://wiki.mozilla.org/contribute/dashboards>. if possible, we try to minimize contact information that is publicly displayed.

  * **user feedback** : you can provide feedback to us on our products and services on webpages like [input.mozilla.org](https://input.mozilla.org/), through an in-product experience, or through channels such as email, bugzilla, matrix, a social media account, our get involved page, or through a group like student ambassadors. please minimize the personal information you choose to share on these forums because your comments may be accessible to the public.

  * **accounts & subscriptions**: some websites, for example amo and mdn require account creation to submit developer content or submit user reviews or comments. for account management we use [firefox accounts](/privacy/firefox/), [github](https://help.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement#our-use-of-cookies-and-tracking), or custom systems; see [here](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/managing-account-data) to manage account data. you may periodically receive emails in connection with your account or through subscriptions. our email management vendors are [salesforce marketing cloud](https://www.marketingcloud.com/privacy-policy/website-privacy-statement/), [send in blue](https://www.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/), [mailchimp](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/), or [acoustic](https://acoustic.com/privacy-notice/) and you can unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of the email. 

  * **product & policy campaigns**: some of our webpages host product or policy campaigns. for example, you can request a link by email or sms to install firefox on your mobile device or petition your legislators on internet issues. we may use third parties to manage these campaigns and handle any data that you choose to submit. 

* * *

we may use cookies, clear gifs, third party web analytics, device information,
and ip addresses for functionality and to better understand user interaction
with our products, services, and communications.

  * **functionality** : we may use information such as cookies, device information, and ip addresses to enhance functionality of certain products, services, and communications. for example:

    * we use cookies to remember information about your firefox settings (such as language preference and firefox add-ons), and so that we can recommend relevant features and add-ons to you based on your firefox settings. they also assist with user sign-in and authentication so you can bypass re-entering your passwords on certain mozilla websites.
    * we use ip addresses to customize communications by language and country.
    * we use certain device information such as country, language, operator and oem, to customize your experience.
  * **metrics** : we may also use cookies, device information, and ip addresses, along with clear gifs, cookies and third party services to help us understand in the aggregate how users engage with our products, services, communications, websites, online campaigns, snippets, devices, and other platforms. we use:

    * google analytics, which places a cookie on your device, to obtain metrics on how users engage with our websites. this helps us to improve site content.
    * convert.com and shareprogress, which place a cookie on your device, to help us test variations of web content. this helps us offer better web experiences to users.
    * doubleclick and flashtalking, each of which uses a clear gif on our download firefox page. this helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
    * yahoo dot pixel, which uses javascript on our download firefox page. this helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns.
    * http referral data, which may be included with firefox’s installer, to understand the website domain or advertising campaign that referred you to our download page. this information helps us understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and improve them.
    * other metrics tools from time to time, on an experimental basis. for example, we may do this to help evaluate a new metrics tool, or test existing metrics collection.
  * **fraud prevention** : mozilla has implemented third-party technology, google’s invisible recaptcha, that operates in the background on some of our websites in order to identify fraudulent activity. use of the invisible recaptcha is governed by the [google privacy policy](https://www.google.com/intl/policies/privacy/) and [terms of use](https://policies.google.com/terms).

* * *

you can control individual cookie preferences, indicate your cookie
preferences to others, and opt-out of web analytics and optimization tools.

  * **cookie history** : you can accept or decline individual cookies in your firefox preferences in the tools/options/privacy history section. note that certain features of our products and services may not function properly without the aid of cookies. 

  * **do not track** : mozilla does not track users across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. if you have configured your browser to send a “do not track” signal when accessing our websites, mozilla will not utilize any of the tools described in the [metrics](/privacy/websites/#data-tools) section.

  * **email** : our marketing communications are optional to receive and you can unsubscribe from the footer of the email or by updating your [mozilla email preferences](/newsletter/recovery/).

  * **analytics & optimization**: follow the instructions below to prevent data collection about your visits to mozilla websites:

    * google: install the [google analytics opt-out browser add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout), which prohibits data transmission to google analytics. some mozilla.org pages use clear gifs which communicate with doubleclick to understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns; you can control personalized ads from doubleclick in google's ad settings (you will be prompted to sign into your google account).
    * convert.com: [opt-out on www.mozilla.org](/exp/opt-out/).
    * yahoo: visit the [ad interest manager](https://aim.yahoo.com/aim/us/en/optout/) to opt-out.
    * shareprogress and fathom.com: you can [turn on do not track in your browser](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/how-do-i-turn-do-not-track-feature).
  * **social media** : the social sharing buttons on mozilla websites are designed not to share data with the social media provider until you specifically click the button.

* * *

some mozilla websites allow you to make purchases (such as apps or gear),
contribute funds to specific mozilla projects, or make donations in support of
mozilla public and charitable programs. these transactions are often handled
by mozilla’s third party vendors.

  * **payment processing** : except for payments made by check, money order, and direct debit, and wire transfers, mozilla does not receive any financial information, which is transmitted from you to the named third party vendor for processing (e.g., braintree, paypal, bitpay, stripe).

  * **personal data** : we may also receive your name, mailing address, and/or email address. this data is used for fraud detection and record-keeping. we use [salesforce marketing cloud](https://www.marketingcloud.com/privacy-policy/website-privacy-statement/) to email receipts and store records, which are retained for four years from the date of last payment. 

  * **third party data** : we use [wealthengine](https://www.wealthengine.com/wealthengine-inc-privacy-policy/) to improve our fundraising efforts to keep the internet healthy, open, and accessible for all. donors can [opt-out](https://app.onetrust.com/app/#/webform/4ba08202-2ede-4934-a89e-f0b0870f95f0) of mozilla’s use.

#####  company

  * [mozilla manifesto](/en-us/about/manifesto/)
  * [press center](https://blog.mozilla.org/press/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=footer&utm_content=company)
  * [corporate blog](https://blog.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=footer&utm_content=company)
  * [careers](https://careers.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=footer&utm_content=company)
  * [contact](/en-us/contact/)
  * [donate](https://donate.mozilla.org/en-us/?presets=50,30,20,10&amount=30&utm_source=mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=company&currency=usd&utm_campaign=footer)

#####  resources

  * [privacy hub](/en-us/privacy/)
  * [browser comparison](/en-us/firefox/browsers/compare/)
  * [brand standards](https://mozilla.design/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=footer&utm_content=resources)

#####  support

  * [product help](https://support.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=footer&utm_content=support)
  * [file a bug](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=footer&utm_content=support)

#####  developers

  * [developer edition](/en-us/firefox/developer/)
  * [beta](/en-us/firefox/channel/desktop/#beta)
  * [beta for android](/en-us/firefox/channel/desktop/#beta)
  * [nightly](/en-us/firefox/channel/desktop/#nightly)
  * [nightly for android](/en-us/firefox/channel/desktop/#nightly)
  * [enterprise](/en-us/firefox/enterprise/)
  * [tools](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/tools/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=footer&utm_content=developers)

##### follow @mozilla

  * [twitter (@mozilla)](https://twitter.com/mozilla)
  * [instagram (@mozilla)](https://www.instagram.com/mozilla/)

##### follow @firefox

  * [twitter (@firefox)](https://twitter.com/firefox)
  * [instagram (@firefox)](https://www.instagram.com/firefox/)
  * [youtube (@firefoxchannel)](https://www.youtube.com/user/firefoxchannel)

[language](/locales/) language عربي বাংলা čeština deutsch ελληνικά english
español (de españa) français हिन्दी (भारत) hrvatski magyar bahasa indonesia
italiano 日本語 한국어 македонски nederlands polski português (do brasil) română
русский српски தமிழ் ไทย tagalog türkçe tiếng việt 中文 (简体) 正體中文 (繁體) go

[mozilla](/en-us/)

  * [website privacy notice](/en-us/privacy/websites/)
  * [cookies](/en-us/privacy/websites/#cookies)
  * [legal](/en-us/about/legal/)
  * [community participation guidelines](/en-us/about/governance/policies/participation/)

visit [mozilla corporation’s](/en-us/) not-for-profit parent, the [mozilla
foundation](https://foundation.mozilla.org/?utm_source=www.mozilla.org&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=footer).  
portions of this content are ©1998–2021 by individual mozilla.org
contributors. content available under a [creative commons license](/en-
us/foundation/licensing/website-content/).

![](https://firefox.com/set_hsts.gif)

