[![nabble](/assets/images/logo_nabble_home.png)](/)

# terms of use

## this is a contract and license

by using nabble, you accept the terms of this license and contract between you
and nabble, llc. this document was last updated on august 17, 2012.

## your content in our services

nabble agrees that you retain ownership of any intellectual property rights
that you hold in content that you submit to us. in short, what belongs to you
stays yours. you are responsible for your content, and you may edit or delete
your content. nabble does not moderate sites and does not review, approve or
endorse any content.

when you upload or otherwise submit content to our servers, you give nabble a
worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, communicate and
publish such content. your content can be public or private depending on the
configuration of the subdomain where it was submitted. this configuration is
controlled by other users who administer that subdomain, and they can freely
make your content public or private at any time. nabble does not make private
content public. if you own a nabble site (subdomain) and want to keep your
content private, it will stay private.

since it is possible that a user may post offensive content or content that is
harmful to minors, nabble wants to make sure that you are aware that filtering
software and services are available to prevent access to such content. this
feature is available in internet security software made by symantec, inc. and
mcafee, inc. as well as from major internet service providers. in order to see
a list of current vendors, please use an internet search engine to search for
"parental control software" or "filtering software."

## privacy and copyright protection

nabbleâ€™s [privacy policy](/privacypolicy.jtp) explains how we treat your
personal data and protect your privacy when you use our services. by using our
services, you agree that nabble can use such data in accordance with our
privacy policy.

copyright owners who believe that a nabble user has posted infringing content
may provide notice in compliance with the requirements of the digital
millennium copyright act to weizhen lin, 1568 grackle way, sunnyvale ca 94087,
telephone: 408-464-4439, email dmca[please remove this part]@nabble.com.
**there will be no response to communications that do not involve copyright
infringement.** communications related to privacy, violation of our terms of
use or other abuse must be submitted by email to abuse[please remove this
part]@nabble.com.

## deletion of content/termination of account

nabble reserves the right to delete or block access to any content that you
post if nabble determines that your content is inappropriate for any reason,
including nabble's determination that the content infringes on another's
intellectual property rights. nabble provides the following examples of
inappropriate content as a guideline, but this list is not all inclusive and
it is subject to change:

  * content that violates the laws of california or the united states;
  * content that infringes intellectual property rights;
  * content that violates the privacy rights of others;
  * mass advertising (e.g., spam);
  * viruses and the like;
  * statements intended to perpetrate a fraud; and,
  * illegal pornography.

posting of inappropriate content may lead to the termination of your account.
repeated copyright infringement will lead to the termination of your account.

nabble reserves the right to delete accounts that it determines are inactive
without notice.

## limited warranty and disclaimer of warranties.

nabble makes no express, implied or statutory warranties, including but not
limited to the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose, or arising from a course of dealing, trade usage or trade practice.

## limitation of liability

in no event will nabble be liable for any lost revenue, profit or data, or for
special, indirect, consequential, incidental, or punitive damages however
caused and regardless of the theory of liability arising out of the use of or
inability to use nabble or arising out of any content posted on nabble even if
nabble has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

## trademarks/service marks

nabble is a service mark of nabble, llc. nothing contained on this web site
should be construed as granting any license or right to use any nabble
trademark or service mark without the express written permission of nabble,
llc.

## choice of law and forum

any action related to this agreement will be governed by california law and
controlling u.s. federal law. any legal action brought concerning this
agreement or any dispute hereunder shall be brought only in the courts of the
state of california, in the city and county of san francisco or in the federal
courts located in such state and county. both parties submit to venue and
jurisdiction in these courts.

## entire agreement: severability

these terms of use constitute the entire agreement with respect to your access
to and use of this web site. if any provision of these terms and conditions is
unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable
from the remaining provisions and shall not affect their validity and
enforceability.

## changes to terms of use

this web site and these terms of use may be changed by nabble with or without
notice. please review this page regularly for changes. continued use of this
web site following any change constitutes your acceptance of the change.

**by using nabble, you accept our terms of use. if you do not agree, then do
not use nabble.**

[help](http://n8.nabble.com/help/index.jtp "nabble help articles") [powered
by](/poweredby.jtp) [terms of use](/terms.jtp) [privacy
policy](/privacypolicy.jtp) [contact us](/contactus.jtp)

(c) 2005-2021 nabble, llc.

