[![nabble](/assets/images/logo_nabble_home.png)](/)

# privacy policy

this privacy policy specifies the manner in which nabble collects, stores,
uses, and discloses information about visitors. by using nabble, you
understand and accept the most recent version of this policy, which will be
periodically updated. this document was last updated on april 03, 2015.

## information we collect

we collect information to provide better services to all of our users. we
collect information in two ways:

  * **information you give us.** nabble retains private and personal information only when it is voluntarily submitted by visitors via forms and emails. 
  * **information we get from your use of our services.** we may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them. this includes: 
    * **cookies and anonymous identifiers.** this site uses some unobtrusive cookies to store information on your computer. some cookies on this site are essential, and the site won't work as expected without them. these cookies are set when you submit a form, login or interact with the site by doing something that goes beyond clicking on simple links. we also use some non-essential cookies to anonymously track visitors or enhance your experience of the site. 
    * **log information.** nabble may collect and store certain information in server logs, including details of how you used our service, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, ip address, the date and time of your request and referral url. 

## how we use the information we collect

the information we collect is used to improve your user experience and the
overall quality of our services. this basically includes verification of
identity, maintaining user preferences, monitoring web traffic, investigation
of bugs and statistical analysis with the purpose of improving the user
experience.

## anonymous usage

you may use nabble without divulging any information beyond what is
technologically required to retrieve a web page. such usage, however, will
limit the availability of certain features, including maintaining an account.

## site owners

a nabble "site" is a forum, blog, or any other application created on nabble
with its own subdomain. the user who creates a site owns it and can make the
content public or private as he/she sees fit. this user may also download
backups of the data for the site, and this will include any data that you have
submitted to this site (except passwords, which are encrypted and truncated
for security reasons).

## third parties

nabble utilizes certain third parties for the normal operation of our service.
this includes, but is not limited to, providers of hosting, payment gateways,
statistical analysis software and advertising networks. we allow third-party
companies to collect certain information when you visit our web site. these
companies may utilize cookies, pixels or other technologies to collect and use
non-personally identifiable information (e.g., hashed data, click stream
information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or
scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater
interest to you. to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or
to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the websites of the
digital advertising alliance at [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info)
and networking advertising initiative at
[www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).

personal information we collect is not shared with third parties except when
approved by you or necessary for the delivery of the service. information may
likewise be divulged to aid in the investigation of illegal or forbidden
activities and as required by law. information may be transferred in the event
that nabble is acquired by another organization.

[help](http://n8.nabble.com/help/index.jtp "nabble help articles") [powered
by](/poweredby.jtp) [terms of use](/terms.jtp) [privacy
policy](/privacypolicy.jtp) [contact us](/contactus.jtp)

(c) 2005-2021 nabble, llc.

