[ ](https://netflix.com "netflix") [help center](/en)

[join netflix](https://netflix.com/signup) [sign
in](https://netflix.com/login?nextpage=https%3a%2f%2fhelp.netflix.com%2flegal%2ftermsofuse)

[help center](/en)

  * [ back to help home ](/en)

print

# netflix terms of use

netflix provides a personalized subscription service that allows our members
to access movies and tv shows ("netflix content") streamed over the internet
to certain internet-connected tv's, computers and other devices ("netflix
ready devices").

you have accepted these terms of use, which govern your use of our service.

as used in these terms of use, "netflix service", "our service" or "the
service" means the personalized service provided by netflix for discovering
and watching netflix content, including all features and functionalities,
recommendations and reviews, the website, and user interfaces, as well as all
content and software associated with our service.

you agree to the arbitration agreement and class action waiver described in
section 7 to resolve any disputes with netflix (except for matters that may be
taken to small claims court).

  1. **membership**   
  
1.1. your netflix membership will continue and automatically renew until
terminated. to use the netflix service you must have internet access and a
netflix ready device and provide us with one or more payment methods. "payment
method" means a current, valid, accepted method of payment, as may be updated
from time to time and which may include payment through your account with a
third party. you must cancel your membership before it renews in order to
avoid billing of the membership fees for the next billing cycle to your
payment method (see "cancellation" below).  
  
1.2. we may offer a number of membership plans, including memberships offered
by third parties in conjunction with the provision of their own products and
services. we are not responsible for the products and services provided by
such third parties. some membership plans may have differing conditions and
limitations, which will be disclosed at your sign-up or in other
communications made available to you. you can find specific details regarding
your netflix membership by visiting our website and clicking on the "account"
link available at the top of the pages under your profile name.  

##

  2. **promotional offers.** we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or memberships (“offers”). offer eligibility is determined by netflix at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to revoke an offer and put your account on hold in the event that we determine you are not eligible. members of households with an existing or recent netflix membership may not be eligible for certain introductory offers. we may use information such as device id, method of payment or an account email address used with an existing or recent netflix membership to determine offer eligibility. the eligibility requirements and other limitations and conditions will be disclosed when you sign-up for the offer or in other communications made available to you.  

##

  3. **billing and cancellation**   
  
3.1. billing cycle. the membership fee for the netflix service and any other
charges you may incur in connection with your use of the service, such as
taxes and possible transaction fees, will be charged to your payment method on
the specific payment date indicated on the "account" page. the length of your
billing cycle will depend on the type of subscription that you choose when you
signed up for the service. membership fees are fully earned upon payment. in
some cases your payment date may change, for example if your payment method
has not successfully settled, when you change your subscription plan or if
your paid membership began on a day not contained in a given month. visit our
website and click on the "billing details" link on the "account" page to see
your next payment date. we may authorize your payment method in anticipation
of membership or service-related charges through various methods, including
authorizing it up to approximately one month of service as soon as you
register. if you signed up for netflix using your account with a third party
as a payment method, you can find the billing information about your netflix
membership by visiting your account with the applicable third party.  
  
3.2. payment methods. to use the netflix service you must provide one or more
payment methods. you authorize us to charge any payment method associated to
your account in case your primary payment method is declined or no longer
available to us for payment of your subscription fee. you remain responsible
for any uncollected amounts. if a payment is not successfully settled, due to
expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your
account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully
charged a valid payment method. for some payment methods, the issuer may
charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees
relating to the processing of your payment method. check with your payment
method service provider for details.  
  
3.3 updating your payment methods. you can update your payment methods by
going to the "account" page. we may also update your payment methods using
information provided by the payment service providers. following any update,
you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method(s).  
  
3.4. cancellation. you can cancel your netflix membership at any time, and you
will continue to have access to the netflix service through the end of your
billing period. to cancel, go to the "account" page on our website and follow
the instructions for cancellation. if you cancel your membership, your account
will automatically close at the end of your current billing period. to see
when your account will close, click "billing details" on the "account" page.
if you signed up for netflix using your account with a third party as a
payment method and wish to cancel your netflix membership, you may need to do
so through that third party, for example by visiting your account with the
applicable third party and turning off auto-renew, or unsubscribing from the
netflix service through that third party.  
  
3.5. changes to the price and subscription plans. we reserve the right to
change our subscription plans or adjust pricing for our service or any
components thereof in any manner and at any time as we may determine in our
sole and absolute discretion. except as otherwise expressly provided for in
these terms of use, any price changes or changes to your subscription plan
will take effect following notice to you.  
  
3.6. no refunds. payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or
credits for partially used membership periods. following any cancellation,
however, you will continue to have access to the service through the end of
your current billing period. at any time, and for any reason, we may provide a
refund, discount, or other consideration to some or all of our members
("credits"). the amount and form of such credits, and the decision to provide
them, are at our sole and absolute discretion. the provision of credits in one
instance does not entitle you to credits in the future for similar instances,
nor does it obligate us to provide credits in the future, under any
circumstance.  

##

  4. **netflix service**   
  
4.1. you must be at least 18 years of age to become a member of the netflix
service. individuals under the age of 18 may only utilize the service with the
involvement of a parent or legal guardian, under such person's account and
otherwise subject to these terms of use.  
  
4.2. the netflix service and any content viewed through our service are for
your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with
individuals beyond your household. during your netflix membership, we grant
you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access the netflix
service and view netflix content through the service. except for the
foregoing, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. you agree
not to use the service for public performances.  
  
4.3. you may view netflix content primarily within the country in which you
have established your account and only in geographic locations where we offer
our service and have licensed such content. the content that may be available
to watch will vary by geographic location and will change from time to time.
the number of devices on which you may simultaneously watch depends on your
chosen subscription plan and is specified on the "account" page.  
  
4.4. the netflix service, including the content library, is regularly updated.
in addition, we continually test various aspects of our service, including but
not limited to our website, user interfaces, promotional features and
availability of netflix content. you can turn off tests participation at any
time by visiting the "account" page and changing the "test participation"
settings.  
  
4.5. some netflix content is available for temporary download and offline
viewing on certain supported devices ("offline titles"). limitations apply,
including restrictions on the number of offline titles per account, the
maximum number of devices that can contain offline titles, the time period
within which you will need to begin viewing offline titles and how long the
offline titles will remain accessible. some offline titles may not be playable
in certain countries and if you go online in a country where you would not be
able to stream that offline title, the offline title will not be playable
while you are in that country.  
  
4.6. you agree to use the netflix service, including all features and
functionalities associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws,
rules and regulations, or other restrictions on use of the service or content
therein. except as explicitly authorized in these terms of use, you agree not
to archive, download, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform,
publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use content
and information contained on or obtained from or through the netflix service.
you also agree not to circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart
any of the content protections in the netflix service; use any robot, spider,
scraper or other automated means to access the netflix service; decompile,
reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes
accessible through the netflix service; insert any code or product or
manipulate the content of the netflix service in any way; or use any data
mining, data gathering or extraction method. in addition, you agree not to
upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to
interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or
hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the netflix service,
including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs.
we may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these
terms of use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.  
  
4.7. the quality of the display of the netflix content may vary from device to
device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location,
the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your internet connection. hd,
ultra hd and hdr availability is subject to your internet service and device
capabilities. not all content is available in all formats, such as hd, ultra
hd or hdr and not all plans allow you to receive content in all formats.
default playback settings on cellular networks exclude hd, ultra hd and hdr
content. the minimum connection speed for sd quality is 1.0 mbps; however, we
recommend a faster connection for improved video quality. a download speed of
at least 3.0 mbps per stream is recommended to receive hd content (defined as
a resolution of 720p or higher). a download speed of at least 15.0 mbps per
stream is recommended to receive ultra hd (defined as a resolution of 4k or
higher). you are responsible for all internet access charges. please check
with your internet provider for information on possible internet data usage
charges. netflix makes no representations or warranties about the quality of
your watching experience on your display. the time it takes to begin watching
netflix content will vary based on a number of factors, including your
location, available bandwidth at the time, the netflix content you have
selected and the configuration of your netflix ready device.  
  
4.8. the netflix software is developed by, or for, netflix and may solely be
used for authorized streaming and viewing of content from netflix through
netflix ready devices. this software may vary by device and medium, and
functionalities may also differ between devices. by using our service, you
agree to receive, without further notice or prompting, updated versions of the
netflix and related third-party software. if you do not accept the foregoing
terms, do not use our service.  
  
4.9. by using our service, you agree to look solely to the entity that
manufactured and/or sold you the netflix ready device for any issues related
to the device and its compatibility with the netflix service. we do not take
responsibility or otherwise warrant the performance of netflix ready devices,
including the continued compatibility with our service.  

##

  5. **passwords and account access.** the member who created the netflix account and whose payment method is charged (the "account owner") is responsible for any activity that occurs through the netflix account. to maintain control over the account and prevent anyone from accessing the account (which could include information on viewing history for the account), the account owner should maintain control over the netflix ready devices that are used to access the service and not reveal the password or details of the payment method associated to the account to anyone. you are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account. we can terminate your account or place your account on hold in order to protect you, netflix or our partners from identity theft or other fraudulent activity. netflix is not obligated to credit or discount a membership for holds placed on the account by either a representative of netflix or by the automated processes of netflix. if your netflix ready device is sold, lost or stolen, please deactivate the netflix ready device. if you fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may access the netflix service through your account and may be able to access certain of your account information. to deactivate a device, follow instructions on the "account" page of our website.   

##

  6. **disclaimers of warranties and limitations on liability  
**  
6.1. the netflix service and all content and software associated therewith, or
any other features or functionalities associated with the netflix service, are
provided "as is" and "as available" with all faults and without warranty of
any kind. netflix does not guarantee, represent, or warrant that your use of
the netflix service will be uninterrupted or error-free. netflix specifically
disclaims liability for the use of applications, netflix ready devices, and
netflix software (including their continuing compatibility with our service).  
  
6.2. to the extent permissible under applicable laws, in no event shall
netflix, or its subsidiaries or any of their shareholders, directors,
officers, employees or licensors be liable (jointly or severally) to you for
personal injury or any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages
of any kind, or any damages whatsoever.  
  
6.3. some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or
the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain types of damages.
therefore, some of the above limitations in this section may not apply to you.  
  
6.4. nothing in these terms of use shall affect any non-waivable statutory
rights that apply to you.  

##

  7. **arbitration agreement  
**  
7.1. you and netflix agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out
of or relating in any way to the netflix service, these terms of use and this
arbitration agreement, shall be determined by binding arbitration or in small
claims court. arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court.
arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for
more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by
courts. arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can
award and nothing in this arbitration agreement shall be interpreted as
limiting any non-waivable statutory rights. you agree that, by agreeing to
these terms of use, the u.s. federal arbitration act governs the
interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and netflix are
each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action.
this arbitration provision shall survive termination of this agreement and the
termination of your netflix membership.  
  
7.2. if you elect to seek arbitration or file a small claim court action, you
must first send to netflix, by certified mail, a written notice of your claim
("notice"). the notice to netflix must be addressed to: general counsel,
netflix, inc., 100 winchester circle, los gatos, ca 95032-1815 ("notice
address"). if netflix initiates arbitration, it will send a written notice to
the email address used for your membership account. a notice, whether sent by
you or by netflix, must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or
dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("demand"). if netflix
and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after
the notice is received, you or netflix may commence an arbitration proceeding
or file a claim in small claims court.  
  
7.3. you may download or copy a form notice and a form to initiate arbitration
at www.adr.org. if you are required to pay a filing fee, after netflix
receives notice at the notice address that you have commenced arbitration,
netflix will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your
claim is for greater than us$10,000, in which event you will be responsible
for filing fees.  
  
7.4. the arbitration will be governed by the commercial arbitration rules (the
"aaa rules") of the american arbitration association ("aaa"), as modified by
this agreement, and will be administered by the aaa. the aaa rules and forms
are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879, or
by writing to the notice address. the arbitrator is bound by the terms of this
agreement. all issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues
relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration agreement. unless
netflix and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in
the county (or parish) of your residence. the arbitrator's award shall be
final and binding on all parties, except (1) for judicial review expressly
permitted by law or (2) if the arbitrator's award includes an award of
injunctive relief against a party, in which case that party shall have the
right to seek judicial review of the injunctive relief in a court of competent
jurisdiction that shall not be bound by the arbitrator's application or
conclusions of law.  
  
7.5. if your claim is for us$10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose
whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents
submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person
hearing as established by the aaa rules. if your claim exceeds us$10,000, the
right to a hearing will be determined by the aaa rules. regardless of the
manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a
reasoned written decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on
which the award is based. if the arbitrator issues you an award that is
greater than the value of netflix's last written settlement offer made before
an arbitrator was selected (or if netflix did not make a settlement offer
before an arbitrator was selected), then netflix will pay you the amount of
the award or us$5,000, whichever is greater. except as expressly set forth
herein, the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be
governed by the aaa rules.  
  
7.6. you and netflix agree that each may bring claims against the other only
in your or its individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in
any purported class or representative proceeding. further, unless both you and
netflix agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one
person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form
of a representative or class proceeding. if this specific provision is found
to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be
null and void.  

##

  8. **miscellaneous**   
  
8.1. governing law. these terms of use shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the state of delaware, u.s.a. without regard to
conflict of laws provisions. these terms will not limit any consumer
protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your
state of residence.  
  
8.2. unsolicited materials. netflix does not accept unsolicited materials or
ideas for netflix content, and is not responsible for the similarity of any of
its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted to
netflix. should you send any unsolicited materials or ideas, you do so with
the understanding that no additional consideration of any sort will be
provided to you, and you are waiving any claim against netflix and its
affiliates regarding the use of such materials and ideas, even if material or
an idea is used that is substantially similar to the material or idea you
sent.  
  
8.3. feedback. netflix is free to use any comments, information, ideas,
concepts, reviews, or techniques or any other material contained in any
communication you may send to us ("feedback"), including responses to
questionnaires or through postings to the netflix service, including the
netflix website and user interfaces, worldwide and in perpetuity without
further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose
whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and
marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the netflix service.
in addition, you agree not to enforce any "moral rights" in and to the
feedback, to the extent permitted by applicable law.  
  
8.4. customer support. to find more information about our service and its
features, or if you need assistance with your account, please visit the
netflix help center on our website. in certain instances, customer service may
best be able to assist you by using a remote access support tool through which
we have full access to your computer. if you do not want us to have this
access, you should not consent to support through the remote access tool, and
we will assist you through other means. in the event of any conflict between
these terms of use and information provided by customer service or other
portions of our website, these terms of use will control.  
  
8.5. survival. if any provision or provisions of these terms of use shall be
held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and
enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and
effect.  
  
8.6. changes to terms of use and assignment. netflix may, from time to time,
change these terms of use. such revisions shall be effective immediately;
provided however, for existing members, such revisions shall, unless otherwise
stated, be effective 30 days after posting. we may assign our agreement with
you to any affiliated company or to any entity that succeeds to all or
substantially all of our business or assets related to the applicable netflix
service.  
  
8.7. communication preferences. we will send you information relating to your
account (e.g. payment authorizations, invoices, changes in password or payment
method, confirmation messages, notices) in electronic form only, for example
via emails to your email address provided during registration. you agree that
any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to
you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements,
including that such communications be in writing.

**last updated:** january 1, 2021

english español

  * [terms of use](/en/legal/termsofuse)
  * [privacy](/en/legal/privacy)
  * [cookie preferences](/en/legal/privacy#cookies)
  * [corporate information](/en/legal/corpinfo)

