[ ![newegg knowledge base](//kb.newegg.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/logo_newegg_glow_190.png) ](https://www.newegg.com)

menu

  1. [ self-help home  ](https://kb.newegg.com)
  2. privacy policy newegg

search for ![searching...](//kb.newegg.com/wp-
content/themes/knowall/img/loading.svg) search

# privacy policy newegg

**_index:_**

  1. who are we?
  2. about this privacy policy
  3. country specific provisions
  4. what personal data do we collect?
  5. why do we use your personal data?
  6. cookies and similar technologies
  7. who do we share your personal data with and why?
  8. collection and use of non-personal information
  9. how do we protect your personal data
  10. international transfers of personal data
  11. how long do we keep your personal data?
  12. what are your rights?
  13. how can you change or review your information and preferences?
  14. how can you change or review your technical preferences
  15. updates to this privacy policy
  16. last update

**appendix 1:** list of newegg affiliates and subsidiaries

**appendix 2:** australia specific provisions

**appendix 3:** canada specific provisions

**appendix 4:** european economic area (eea) and the united kingdom (uk)
specific provisions

**appendix 5:** hong kong special administrative region (hksar) specific
provisions

**appendix 6:** mexico specific provisions

**appendix 7:** usa specific provisions

### who are we

newegg inc. (17560 rowland street, city of industry, ca 91748 usa) along with
our affiliates and subsidiaries are committed to safeguarding the privacy of
our customers and users (you).

newegg inc. is the data controller of your personal data you can contact us by
mail at the above address, by email at
[wecare@service.newegg.com](mailto:wecare@service.newegg.com) or by telephone
at 1 (800) 390-1119. in addition to newegg international inc., our affiliates
and subsidiaries may also process your personal data. the relevant data
controllers of your personal data will depend on where you are located, the
site(s) (as defined in section 2.1 below) you visit and the services you
receive. please see appendix 1 of this policy for a list of which newegg
entities will be data controllers in which countries, and how to contact them.
references in this privacy to “newegg”, “we”, “us” and “our” are to the
relevant data controller(s).

you may contact our data protection officer by email at
[privacy@newegg.com](mailto:privacy@newegg.com).

### about this privacy policy

this privacy policy tells you about how we use, protect and disclose your
personal data that we have collected using both offline means (e.g. via phone,
post, in-person meetings and other correspondence) and online means, such as
when you use any website or mobile application owned or operated by newegg,
including newegg.com and its local sub-domains and our blogs and programs
(collectively, the “site”).

you acknowledge that your personal data (including personal data collected
through your use of our services, and the site), will be collected, stored,
shared and processed in accordance with this privacy policy.

the site may contain links to other third-party websites or applications.
please be aware that these websites and applications may collect information
about you. these websites and applications may have their own privacy notices
or policies. we encourage you to be aware when you leave the site and to read
the privacy statements of each and every website and application that you use.

to the extent any linked websites or applications you visit are not owned or
operated by newegg, please be aware that we are not responsible or liable for
the websites’ or applications’ content, any use of the websites or
applications, or the privacy and security practices and policies of those
websites or applications.

### country specific provisions

in addition to the provisions set out in this privacy policy, additional terms
and information relating to our processing of your personal data may apply to
you depending on where you are located. these additional terms are set out as
appendices to this privacy policy:

  1. if you are located in australia, please see appendix 2 for additional terms and information;
  2. if you are located in canada, please see appendix 3 for additional terms and information;
  3. if you are located in the european economic area ( **eea** ) and the united kingdom ( **uk** ), please see appendix 4 for additional terms and information;
  4. if you are located in hong kong special administrative region ( **hksar** ), please see appendix 5 for additional terms and information;
  5. if you are located in mexico, please see appendix 6 for additional terms and information;
  6. if you are located in the usa, please see appendix 7 for additional terms and information;

### what personal data do we collect?

we may collect the following data about you. please note that we may combine
personal data collected about you from one source with personal data that we
have collected about you from other sources.

  1. **personal data provided voluntarily including account registration and interactions (e.g. reviews, feedback, comments, testimonials)**

we collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you
register for an account on our site (including signing up as a user, or to our
seller portal, vendor portal or affiliate program). this personal data may
include your name, email address, other contact details, login/account
information, business information, marketing preferences and other information
you may provide as part of your account profile.

we also collect personal data you provide to us when you post a testimonial,
feedback, review or comment including on our blogs (including, but not limited
to, newegg insider, gamecrate, or unlocked). this personal data may include
your name and contact information, photos that you choose to upload and other
personal data you may choose to provide as part of your post. we do not access
photos on your device or cameras unless you allow us to do so. if you do allow
us, you can manage your photos and camera settings at any time by changing the
settings on your mobile device.

**please note that personal data that you choose to post in a testimonial,
feedback, review or comment may be read, collected and used by anyone.
therefore, please do not post anything you do not wish to be accessed by
others.**

  2. **correspondence**

we collect personal data where you contact us or we contact you, and we will
typically keep a record of such correspondence. this personal data may include
your name and contact information, account information, your order
information, your queries, and other personal data you may choose to provide
to us.

  3. **purchase order and transaction information**

we collect personal data when you place an order and transact with newegg
(including tracking orders and managing returns), when you submit forms for
tax exemptions, rebates, the newegg price match guarantee, the newegg
marketplace guarantee, when you trade-in used technology and when you transact
on our marketplace platform. this personal data may include biographical
information, contact information, delivery information such as shipping
address, telephone number, and payment and invoicing information, such as your
bank account/card number, billing address, bank card expiration date, and bank
card security code.

  4. **enrollment in newegg programs**

we collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to us when you register
for programs offered by newegg, including, but not limited to, the newegg
subscription program, newegg premier, and newegg points and rewards program,
and when you verify your academic status for various newegg programs and
discounts. this personal data may include your name, email address, other
contact details, login/account information, school information, marketing
preferences and other information you may provide.

  5. **credit and anti-fraud information**

we may collect personal data relating to your financial situation, your
creditworthiness or any criminal or fraudulent activities provided to us by
you or third parties, including information which establishes your identity
(such as driving licenses, passports and utility bills), information about
transactions, credit ratings from credit reference agencies, fraud, offenses,
and suspicious transactions, where your details are included.

  6. **social media information**

we maintain a presence on social media platforms including, but not limited to
facebook, twitter, instagram, and youtube. we collect personal data when you
interact with us on social media. please note that these social media
platforms may set cookies and other tracking technologies on your device when
you visit their pages and when you navigate from their pages. the output of
such information may be provided to us (usually for statistical purposes to
see how users interact with our content on social media platforms). these
social media platforms will also be data controllers of your personal data.
information about how they collect and use your personal data (and how they
use cookies and other technologies, including instructions on how you can
disable these) can usually be found in their respective privacy policies and
cookies policies on their respective websites.

  7. **survey and contest/sweepstake information**

we collect personal data where you complete surveys that we may use for
research purposes, and where you choose to enter into contests/sweepstakes
that we run. this personal data may include your name and contact information
and other personal data you may choose to provide us.

  8. **information stored on a device**

we may access metadata and other information associated with other files
stored on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or any other device (referred
to collectively as a “device”) such as ip address, domain name, browser
version and operating system, traffic data, weblogs, and other communication
data, and device identifiers. we may also collect photos, videos, touch id and
face id login abilities and session ids for third-party service providers such
as payment providers (“device information”). to the extent required by
applicable law, we will ask for your consent prior to collecting device
information. please note that we may associate device information with your
account. in addition, we may associate a device with your account. we may
combine this information with other information that we have collected about
you

  9. **location information**

with your permission, which you may provide when you install our mobile
application or when you access and use our mobile application, we may collect
information about the general location of a device.

  10. **collection and use of public information**

we may also collect, use, store, transfer, share, and disclose your personal
data that is publicly available for the purposes set out in this privacy
policy.

**children**

the site is intended for use by adults only. newegg does not sell products
intended for purchase by children and does not therefore knowingly or
intentionally collect personal data from children. youth-oriented products are
sold for purchase by adults only. please only use this site if you are aged 18
or over.

### why do we use your personal data?

we may use your personal data for a variety of business purposes, which we
have set out below.

  1. **to conduct our business and provide you with our services and access to our site**

to conduct our business, including to enable you to use our services and site,
to respond to your queries, to carry out our obligations arising from any
agreements entered into between you and us and to contact you in connection
with the foregoing.

this includes processing and fulfilling your orders, returns and exchanges and
providing you with information and updates relating to your orders and your
account.

  2. **to manage your account and subscriptions**

to determine whether to register you as a user of our site, or to our seller
portal, vendor portal or affiliate program, to manage your account and
subscriptions (including to manage your customized settings) and to fulfill
your benefits that are associated with your use of our services, such as to
award points through our eggpoint loyalty program.

  3. **to communicate with you (about updates and changes) and provide you with customer support**

to communicate with you about updates to our terms, services and site and to
provide you with customer support and to respond to your requests, comments,
questions, or concerns, and to contact you if we have trouble processing your
order or there are issues with your account. such communications are provided
by various means, including emails, sms and “push notifications” on devices
(where enabled). calls may be recorded for training and monitoring purposes.

  4. **to facilitate payments**

to take payment from you when you sign-up for certain features, when you order
from us, to provide you with refunds and to process payments when you transact
on our marketplace platform.

  5. **in relation to fraud prevention**

to prevent fraud as may be required by applicable law and regulation and best
practice at any given time. if false or inaccurate information is provided and
fraud is identified or suspected, details may be passed to fraud prevention
agencies and may be recorded by us or by them.

  6. **to enable you and other users to communicate and transact with one another, such as via our marketplace platform**

to facilitate interactions between users, including listing and promotion of
products, shipping and payment. this will require disclosure of personal data
about each party to one another.

  7. **to allow you to use interactive features of the site**

to allow you to post a testimonial, review or comment including on our blogs
(including, but not limited to, newegg insider, gamecrate, or unlocked).
please note that such testimonial, review or comment may be read, collected
and used by anyone.

  8. **to ensure our site content is relevant and to maintain the security of our site**

to ensure that content from our sites is presented in the most effective and
secure manner for you and for your device.

  9. **for research and development purposes**

to analyze your personal data in order to better understand your and our other
clients’ services and marketing requirements, to better understand our
business and develop our products, services, and site. in order to do this, we
may apply profiles to you based on your personal data and behavioral
information (such as the pages on the site you have visited or interacted
with, including by reference to personal data legitimately obtained and shared
with us by third parties or publicly available data). such profiles may be
used as part of our advertising, analytics, security, and provision of
support.

  10. **to administer contests/sweepstakes**

here you have entered into contests/sweepstakes, we will use your personal
data to manage and administer such contests/sweepstakes, including to award
you with any applicable prizes.

  11. **to provide you with marketing materials**

to provide you with updates and offers, where you have chosen to receive
these. we may also use your information for marketing our own and our selected
business partners’ products and services to you by post, email, sms and phone
and fax. we may also use personal data to market to you via social media.
where required by law, we will ask for your consent at the time we collect
your data to

conduct any of these types of marketing. you can opt-out of receiving
marketing emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of
all newegg marketing emails or by sending an email to
[wecare@service.newegg.com](mailto:wecare@service.newegg.com) with a request
to be removed, or by contacting us as per section 1 above. if you are a
registered user of the site, you can also opt-out of receiving marketing
emails by updating your email preferences under the “email notifications”
section of [my
account](https://secure.newegg.com/newmyaccount/emailnotifications.aspx).
please allow up to thirty (30) days for your request to be processed. please
note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing emails, you may still
receive communications from us that are important and/or related to your
interactions with us, or otherwise as required by law.

please also note that our marketing-related emails may contain a campaign-
unique “web beacon pixel” to tell us how you interact with our communications.
we may use this information for purposes including determining which of our
emails are more interesting to you and to query if you should continue
receiving emails if you do not open them. the pixel will be deleted when you
delete the email.

where you subscribe to an online service, the accompanying emails similarly
include a pixel. we track your interaction with these emails and our online
services to validate attendance for accreditation purposes, to help determine
which information is of interest to you and to customize the advertisements
you see on our sites.

if you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your device, you should opt-
out of email marketing or review emails in plain text format. this information
may be connected to your personal identity. for further information about
tracking technologies, please see section 6 below.

  12. ****mobile applications and website analytics  
****

to understand and analyze your online experiences and to determine what
events, products and services are likely to be of interest to you, we may
combine your visitor session information or other information collected
through tracking technologies (whether you are logged in or not) with personal
data.

where you consent to the use of your location data, certain mobile
applications may use location data.

  13. **to enforce our terms and in connection with legal or regulatory obligations**

we may process your personal data to enforce our terms and to comply with our
legal and regulatory requirements or dialogue with regulators/judicial
proceedings/court orders as applicable which may include disclosing your
personal data to third parties, the court service and/or regulators or law
enforcement agencies in connection with inquiries, proceedings or
investigations by such parties anywhere in the world or where compelled to do
so.

  14. **to reorganize or make changes to our business**

in the event that we: (i) are subject to negotiations for the sale of our
business or part thereof to a third party; (ii) are sold to a third party; or
(iii) undergo a re-organization, we may need to transfer some or all of your
personal data to the relevant third party (or its advisors) as part of any due
diligence process for the purpose of analyzing any proposed sale or re-
organization. we may also need to transfer your personal data to that re-
organized entity or third party after the sale or reorganization for them to
use for the same purposes as set out in this policy.

**cookies and similar technologies**

we use cookies and similar technologies (including device identifiers) in
relation to the site.

### what are cookies?

a cookie is a small text file that is generated by a website, including the
site, and is stored on your device. when you access the site, a number of
cookies used by newegg and third parties are sent to your browser and stored
on your device. when you next visit the site, newegg and the third parties
will use this information to recognise and remember your device. third parties
may also use this to recognise you when you are on other websites and mobile
applications.

cookies are useful for a variety of purposes. for example, they allow you to
navigate between pages efficiently and allow us to remember preferences and
generally improve your user experience. they are also used to tailor
advertising to your interests through tracking your browsing across websites.
for example, when you view certain products on our site or have interacted
with certain pages on our site, we may use this information to show you
advertisements which may interest you. similarly, third parties that place
cookies on our site may use this type of information to present you with
tailored advertising when you other their websites.

session cookies are deleted when you close your browser. persistent cookies
remain on your device after you close your browser. cookies set by newegg are
first-party cookies. cookies set by third parties are third-party cookies.
please note that newegg has no access to or control over third-party
technologies and information about their data collection practices should be
found on their respective websites.

### what cookies does newegg use?

we describe below the categories of cookies that are set by newegg and its
partners when you visit the site.

  1. **strictly necessary cookies**  
these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the site and
use its features and cannot be turned off. without these cookies, services you
have asked for (such as navigating between pages, placing an order and using a
shopping cart or e-billing services) cannot be provided. therefore, you cannot
disable these cookies.

  2. **performance cookies**  
we make use of performance cookies to analyse how our visitors use the site
and to monitor the site’s performance. this allows us to provide a high
quality experience by customising our offering, and quickly identifying and
fixing any issues that arise.  
for example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are
most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective, and to
determine why some pages are receiving error messages. we might also use these
cookies to highlight articles or site services that we think will be of
interest to you based on your usage of the site. the information collected by
these cookies is not associated with your personal data by us or by our
contractors.

  3. **functional cookies**  
these cookies are used to provide you with certain functionality on the site.
for example, to improve the performance of our services and the site, to
maintain security on the site and to prevent and detect fraud, to customise
your account, to display certain web page content based upon your browser type
and other device information.

  4. **advertising cookies**  
subject to your cookie settings, newegg and various third party ad partners
may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about
the browsing habits associated with your device to further personalise your
experience such as through the use of targeted advertisements and special
offers that are more relevant to you and your interests.  
we allow some third parties, including facebook to set cookies both when you
visit our site and when you use certain features on our site (such as clicking
“like”, “share” and “tweet” buttons).  
these third parties link the information that they collect through the use of
these cookies with the information that they hold about you through your use
of their service in order to present you with targeted advertising via their
platforms. for example, where you have provided permission, we allow facebook
to place a cookie on your device. when you return to facebook, facebook can
identify you as a user of the newegg site and can therefore provide you with
advertising messages from us.  
in other situations, third parties use cookies so that they can retarget
newegg’s products to you when you visit other websites or mobile applications,
or to predict what advertisements about third party products are likely to be
of interest to you based on your browsing activities.  
please note that if you opt out of advertising cookies, you will still be
presented with advertisements online. these advertisements will just not be
tailored to you.

### other tracking technologies

in conjunction with cookies, we may utilise other tracking technologies to
understand how you access and use our site and services. these tracking
technologies may include:

  1. **log files and ip addresses**  
we use device information and ip addresses (and ask for confirmation if this
is correct) to analyse trends, administer the site, track user movement, and
gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. an ip address is a
numeric code that identifies your computer on the internet. we may store the
information in log files (i.e. files which record events), or other types of
files, which may be combined with other information that we have collected
about you.

  2. **web beacons and pixels**  
the site and our emails and advertisements may contain web beacons. a web
beacon is a small graphic image, such as a pixel or gif, which is placed on a
web page, email, or advertisement and is used to provide information on when
and how you access and use the site, and services and emails. we may use this
information for various purposes, including to develop statistical information
and to determine features that most interest you for the purpose of providing
more personalized content. with respect to emails, we may use this information
to determine which of our emails are more interesting to you and to whether
you wish to continue receiving such emails if you do not open them. the pixel
will be deleted when you delete the email. if you do not wish the pixel to be
downloaded to your device, you should select to receive emails from us in
plain text rather than html, and you should not click links that we send you.
you can opt-out of receiving marketing emails by clicking the “unsubscribe”
link located at the bottom of all newegg marketing emails or by sending an
email to [wecare@service.newegg.com](mailto:wecare@service.newegg.com) with a
request to be removed, or by contacting us as per section 1 above. if you are
a registered user of the site, you can also opt-out of receiving marketing
emails by updating your email preferences under the "email notifications"
section of [my
account](https://secure.newegg.com/newmyaccount/emailnotifications.aspx).
please allow up to thirty (30) days for your request to be processed. please
note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing emails, you may still
receive communications from us that are important and/or related to your
interactions with us, or otherwise as required by law.

  3. **apps – sdks and ad-ids**  
we also use software development kits (sdks) and advertising ids (ad-ids)
which function like pixels and cookies in our mobile app. these sdks may
include third party code that allows the third party partner to collect
information about your interaction with the app and information about your
device and network information generally for advertising purposes or to assist
us analysing how our apps are used.

we may link data stored in cookies or collected by similar tracking
technologies to other personal data we collect about you as you use the site.

### "do not track signals"

some web browsers have a "do not track" feature that, when turned on, signals
to websites the user visits that the user does not want to be tracked. at this
time, the site does not respond to “do not track” signals or similar
mechanisms.

### consent

in some countries, by using the site, you consent to the use of cookies and
other similar tracking technologies in accordance with this policy.

in other countries, we are required to collect your consent for many of the
cookies and tracking technologies we use. where this is the case, you will
have seen a pop- up to this effect on your first visit to the site.

although the pop-up may not usually appear on subsequent visits, you may
withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions below.

### managing and disabling cookies on the site and on our app

**our website**  
you can manage cookies through your browser’s settings
([allaboutcookies.org](http://allaboutcookies.org) provides explanations as to
how to do this). please note that some of the uses of the site and the
services provided on the site may not function if cookies are disabled.

if you use a smart phone, you can usually prevent cross-site tracking and
block cookies in the settings section on your device. you may also be able to
visit websites without leaving a history by turning private browsing on. you
should visit the support section of the website of your device for more
information on how to do this.

**our app**  
on mobile you have controls in your device operating system that enables you
to choose whether to allow cookies or share your advertising id (an identifier
that allows advertisers to track you across websites and apps on mobile) with
us or third party partners. for information on controlling your mobile choices
in respect of advertising tracking you can visit
[networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices](www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-
choices). also, in some regions you can block mobile ads through third party
ad blockers. for example, you can use the daa mobile app at
[youradchoices.com/appchoices](https://youradchoices.com/appchoices).

## who do we share your personal data with and why?

we may share or disclose your personal data for the purposes set out in
section 5 above to third parties. these third parties include:

  1. service providers 

such service providers may include:

    * merchant banks for authorization and approval, in order to process your credit card information to complete your orders/transactions. this process is protected by an enhanced security system. see section 9 below for more details on security measures and procedures;

    * third-party companies to perform functions on our behalf e.g. order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and email delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing; and

    * it cloud and hosting providers.

  2. **advisors**

such advisors may include legal, financial, business or other advisors.

  3. **marketplace platform sellers/users**

third-party sellers offer products for sale through newegg’s marketplace
platform, and we will share your personal data with such sellers when you use
the marketplace platform.

  4. **other users of the site**

as mentioned above, any personal data you make available publicly such as by
your reviews, comments or testimonials will be shared with other users of the
site.

  5. **affiliated companies**

we may share your personal data we collect with all newegg subsidiaries and
affiliates.

as our business continues to evolve, we may acquire, establish or sell
business units or subsidiaries. customer data is one of the business assets
that would be transferred in these types of transactions. in such a situation,
your personal data would only be used in a manner consistent with this privacy
policy.

  6. **third parties as required by law or regulation**

we may disclose your personal data as required by law or regulation, and when
we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply
with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on newegg.

  7. **third-party companies for marketing**

subject to your marketing preferences and settings, we may share your personal
data with third-party companies that may, among other things, use your
personal data to provide you with targeted advertisements and special offers.
you can opt-out of receiving marketing emails by clicking the “unsubscribe”
link located at the bottom of all newegg marketing emails or by sending an
email to [wecare@service.newegg.com](mailto:wecare@service.newegg.com) with a
request to be removed, or by contacting us as per section 1 above. if you are
a registered user of the site, you can also opt-out of receiving marketing
emails by updating your email preferences under the “email notifications”
section of [my
account](https://secure.newegg.com/newmyaccount/emailnotifications.aspx).
please allow up to thirty (30) days for your request to be processed. please
note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing emails, you may still
receive communications from us that are important and/or related to your
interactions with us, or otherwise as required by law.

## collection and use of non-personal information

we may collect, use, store, transfer, share, and disclose non-personal
information for any purpose (subject to applicable law).

## how do we protect your personal data?

**security**

no data transmission over the internet or websites can be guaranteed to be
secure from intrusion. however, newegg takes commercially reasonable efforts
to protect its customers’ personal data.

if you wish to have your financial information (including payment card details
(such as card number, cvv2, expiration date) and related billing information
(such as billing address, billing phone, billing contact)) removed at the time
of your order, you may opt to have your financial information deleted from our
records upon completion of your order. otherwise, you may contact us at
privacy@newegg.com, or call toll free 1-800-390-1119, to request that your
financial information be deleted from our database. for future transactions,
you will be required to re-enter your information.

if you have any questions or concerns about newegg’s security practices, you
can send us an email at [privacy@newegg.com](mailto:privacy@newegg.com).

**safeguarding account information**

to ensure that your username and password remain confidential, we request that
you do not share this information with anyone.

## international transfers of personal data

**general overseas transfers**

our servers and offices are located in the united states, and as a result, we
may collect, process, store, share, and transfer your personal data in the
united states. as a global organization, we may also share your personal data
elsewhere globally. in addition, please note that when you purchase products
from a marketplace seller, your personal data will be provided to this seller.
such sellers can be located anywhere in the world.

as such, you understand and acknowledge that your personal data may be
accessed by staff or suppliers in, transferred to, and/or stored at, a
destination outside the country in which you are located, including to our
servers and offices in the united states.

these countries may not provide the same level of data protection as your home
country; however, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data that is
transferred outside your home country is safeguarded as in line with this
privacy policy.

## how long do we keep your personal data?

our retention periods for personal data are based on business needs and legal
requirements.

we will retain your personal data while we are using it, for purposes
described in section 5 above. we may continue to retain it after we have
ceased such uses for certain legitimate business purposes. for example, if you
have opted out of marketing communications from us, we will retain limited
details about you to ensure we can honor your opt-out request. we may also
continue to retain your personal data to meet our legal requirements or to
defend or exercise our legal rights.

the length of time for which we will retain your personal data will depend on
the purposes for which we need to retain it. after we no longer need to retain
your personal data, we will delete it or securely destroy it in accordance
with our records retention policy.

## what are your rights?

newegg operates in countries with data protection laws which provide different
rights to individuals in respect of access, deletion, rectification and
limiting processing of personal information – please see the appendices for
further details of this. when you submit a request to exercise your rights, we
will need to check your entitlement prior to answering a request. please note
that your rights may be subject to certain exemptions as set out in applicable
data protection law(s).

in general, the following rights are likely available to you regardless of
where you are located:

  * the right to stop receiving marketing communication – for further information, please see section 13 below; and
  * the right to require us to update any inaccuracies in the personal data we hold. in order to assist us with this, please keep your account information up to date. you can do this by following the steps in section 13 below.

to submit a request regarding your personal data by email, post or telephone,
please use the contact information at appendix 1. please note that you can
easily access your profile information, order history, payment options, and
shipping address book through your account.

**contacting us**

if you have any queries or complaints about our use of your information,
please contact us directly at
_[privacy@newegg.com](mailto:privacy@newegg.com)_.

## how can you change or review your information and preferences?

**account information**

when you register for a newegg account, you enter your email address. this
email address is your newegg id and the email address that you use to log in
to the site. to change your email address and newegg id on newegg, from our
desktop website, please go to _[account
settings](https://secure.newegg.com/newmyaccount/accountsettings.aspx)_.

you cannot change your email address and newegg id from the newegg mobile
application or mobile website. please note that you must have your email
address/newegg id and password in order to access your account.

**marketing communications**

at the time of your order, you may choose to receive marketing communications
and special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field.

if you currently receive marketing communications and special offers and news
and wish to stop receiving such communications, newegg provides several ways
to do so. if you are a registered user, you can manage your marketing
communication preferences via your _[account
settings](https://secure.newegg.com/newmyaccount/accountsettings.aspx)_. in
addition, you may send an email to
_[wecare@service.newegg.com](mailto:wecare@service.newegg.com) _with a request
to be removed, or contact us as per section 1 above.

you may also use the link provided in all newegg marketing communications to
automatically unsubscribe.

please note that you may still receive non-marketing service communications.

## how can you change or review your technical preferences

**cookie settings**

you can manage cookies through your browser’s settings.

**push notifications**

if you currently receive “push notifications” and wish to stop receiving “push
notifications”, you can deactivate these notifications at any time by changing
the settings on your mobile device.

**uninstall mobile application**

you can stop all further collection of information by our mobile application
by uninstalling our mobile application. you may use the standard uninstall
process to remove our mobile application from your mobile device.

### updates to this privacy policy

we regularly review and, if appropriate, update this privacy policy from time
to time, and as our services and use of personal data evolves. if these
changes are material, we will take steps to inform you of these.

we will update the date of this document each time it is changed.

### last update

the privacy policy contained herein became officially effective april 9, 2020.

## appendix 1: list of newegg affiliates and subsidiaries

**name** | **registered address** | **country of establishment** | **contact
details for data protection queries**  
---|---|---|---  
newegg inc. | 17560 rowland street  
city of industry,

| united states | [privacy@newegg.com](mailto:privacy@newegg.com)  
newegg australia pty ltd. | level 18  
grosvenor place,  
225 george street,  
sydney, australia | australia |

[privacy@newegg.com](mailto:privacy@newegg.com)  
  
newegg canada inc. | 55 east beaver creek road, units e and f, richmond hill
ontario l4b 1e8 canada | canada |

[privacy@newegg.com](mailto:privacy@newegg.com)  
  
## appendix 2: australia specific provisions

if you are located in australia, the provisions of this appendix 2 apply in
addition to the provisions of the privacy policy.

  1. **why do we use your personal data?**
    1. the provisions of this section i apply in addition to section 4 and section 5 of the privacy policy.
    2. if you do not provide us with the personal data described in section 4 of the privacy policy, some or all of the following may happen: 
      * we may not be able to provide the requested products or services to you, either to the same standard or at all;
      * we may not be able to provide you with information about products and services that you may want, including information about discounts, sales or special promotions; or
      * we may be unable to tailor the content of our websites to your preferences and your experience of our websites may not be as enjoyable or useful.
  2. **international transfers of personal data**
    1. the provisions of this section ii apply in addition to section 10 of the privacy policy.
    2. in addition to the jurisdictions referred to in section 10 of the privacy policy, we may disclose your personal data to entities located in the usa and canada. please note that where you your purchase products from a marketplace seller, your personal data will be provided to this seller. such sellers can be located anywhere in the world.
  3. **what are your rights?**
    1. the provisions of this section iii apply in addition to section 12 and section 13 of the privacy policy.
    2. you may request access to, and correction of, any personal data we hold about you at any time.
    3. there may be instances where we cannot grant you access to the personal data we hold. for example, we may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. if that happens, we will give you written reasons for the refusal.
    4. when contacting us to request for access or correction of any personal data we hold about you, we ask that you provide us with as much detail as you can about the data in question as this will help us to retrieve it. before we provide you with access to your personal data, we may require some proof of identity. we will respond to your request for access or correction within a reasonable period.
  4. **complaints**
    1. the provisions of this section iv apply in addition to section 12.4 of the privacy policy.
    2. if you have any questions about this privacy policy, any concerns or a complaint regarding the treatment of your personal data or a possible breach of your privacy, please contact the relevant data controller of your personal data as outlined in appendix 1.
    3. we will deal with any complaint by investigating it, and providing a response to you within a reasonable time, provided that we have all necessary information and have completed any investigation required. in some cases, we may need to ask you to put your complaint in writing so that we are sure that we understand it, and may also need to ask you for further information or to verify your identity. we will attempt to confirm as appropriate and necessary with you your understanding of the conduct relevant to the complaint and what you expect as an outcome. we will treat your complaint confidentially and respond to you within a reasonable time, usually in writing.

## appendix 3: canada specific provisions

if you are located in canada, the provisions of appendix 3 apply in addition
to the provisions of the privacy policy.

  1. **why do we use your personal data?  
who do we share your personal data with and why?**

    1. the provision of this section i applies in addition to section 5 and section 7 of the privacy policy.
    2. with respect to individuals located in canada, in such cases where newegg shares or discloses your personal data for the purposes set out in section 5 above to third-party service providers, newegg’s agreements shall require the third-party service providers to keep your personal data secure and that it may only be used in connection with providing services to newegg.
  2. **transfers outside of canada**
    1. the provisions of this section ii apply in addition to section 10 of the privacy policy.
    2. given that our servers and offices are located in the united states, we may collect, process, store, share, and transfer your personal data in the united states for the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy. 

as a result, for individuals in canada, your personal data may be accessible
to law enforcement and national security authorities of the united states.

    3. in addition, please note that when you purchase products from a marketplace seller, your personal data will be provided to this seller. such sellers can be located anywhere in the world.   
as a result, for individuals in canada, your personal data may be accessible
to law enforcement and national security authorities of where the marketplace
seller is located.

    4. we have put in place contractual and technical safeguards designed to ensure that your personal data is safely stored, processed and/or accessed by third-party service providers when transferred outside of canada. newegg shall require the third-party service providers to keep your personal data secure and that it may only be used in connection with providing services to newegg.
  3. **what are your rights?**
    1. the provisions of this section iii apply in addition to section 12 of the privacy policy. 

**additional rights available to individuals located in canada**.

    2. in addition to the rights set out at section 12 of the privacy policy, you may, under certain conditions, have the right to request to:

      * be provided with details about what personal data we hold about you and whether your personal data has been transferred to a third party, and to be provided with a copy of your personal data; and

      * withdraw your consent (where our processing activity is based on your consent).  
your exercise of these rights is subject to certain exemptions.

    3. if you request to exercise any of these rights we will check your entitlement. if newegg denies your request, we will advise you of the reason for the refusal.
    4. if you are not satisfied with how we have addressed your complaint or concerns, you can also contact your appropriate data privacy regulator. if you are located in canada, your appropriate data privacy regulator may be the office of the privacy commissioner of canada or a local provincial privacy regulator.  

**tracking**

    5. we participate in the adobe marketing cloud device co-op to better understand how you use the site and our services across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. to learn more about the adobe marketing cloud device co-op, please visit [cross-device-privacy.adobe.com](https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com).

## appendix 4: european economic area (eea) and the united kingdom (uk)
specific provisions

if you are located in the eea or the uk, the provisions of this appendix 4
apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy.

  1. **why do we use your personal data?  
who do we share your personal data with and why?**

    1. the provisions of this section i apply in addition to section 5 and section 7 of the privacy policy.
    2. with respect to individuals located in the eea or the uk, use and disclosure of personal data must be based on one of a number of lawful bases and we are required to set out the lawful bases in respect of each use made of your personal data.
    3. in the list below, we have set out the relevant lawful bases that apply to each purpose for which we use your personal data as described in section 5 of the privacy policy (including the sharing of your personal data for these purposes as per section 7 of the privacy policy).
    4. a description of the lawful basis is set out in section ii below.

**why do we use your personal data (by reference to section 5 of the privacy
policy)** | **lawful basis**  
---|---  
5(a): to conduct our business and provide you with our services and access to
our site | contract performance, legitimate interests (to enable us to perform
our obligations and provide our services to you).  
5(b): to manage your account and subscriptions | contract performance,
legitimate interests (to enable us to perform our obligations and provide our
services to you).  
5(c): to communicate with you (about updates and changes) and provide you with
customer support | contract performance, legitimate interests (to enable us to
perform our obligations and provide our services to you).  
5(d): to facilitate payments | contract performance, legitimate interests (to
ensure payments are correctly managed).  
5(e): in relation to fraud prevention | legal obligations, legitimate
interests (to cooperate with law enforcement and regulatory authorities). with
respect to special categories of personal data[1], we will usually rely on
legal claims, substantial public interests (processing for the prevention and
detection of fraud/crime) or very rarely where necessary, explicit consent.  
5(f): to enable you and other users to communicate and transact with one
another, such as via our marketplace platform | contract performance,
legitimate interests (to enable us to perform our obligations and provide our
services to you).  
5(g): to allow you to use interactive features of the site | legitimate
interests (to enable us to promote and develop our business based on
feedback).  
5(h): to ensure our site content is relevant and to maintain the security of
our site | legitimate interests (to allow us to provide you with the content
and services on the websites in a secure manner).  
5(i): for research and development purposes | legitimate interests (to allow
us to improve our services).  
5(j): to administer contests/sweepstakes | consent performance, legitimate
interests (to ensure contests/sweepstakes are correctly administered).  
5(k): to provide you with marketing materials | consent, legitimate interest
(where we are not required to rely on consent) (to keep you updated with news
in relation to our products and services).  
5(l): mobile applications and website analytics | consent, legitimate interest
(where we are not required to rely on consent) (to keep you updated with news
in relation to our products and services and to enable us to analyze how you
interact with our communications).  
5(m): to enforce our terms and in connection with legal or regulatory
obligations | legal obligations, legitimate interests (to cooperate with law
enforcement and regulatory authorities). with respect to special categories of
personal data, we will usually rely on legal claims, substantial public
interests (processing for the prevention and detection of fraud/crime) or very
rarely where necessary, explicit consent.  
5(n): to reorganize or make changes to our business | legitimate interests (in
order to allow us to change our business).  
  
  2. **lawful basis**

**the main lawful bases for our use of personal data are as follows:** | **the
main lawful bases for our use of your special categories of personal data are
as follows:**  
---|---  
**consent:** where you have consented to our use of your personal data. you
may withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data by contacting us as
per section 1 of the privacy policy. if you do so, we may be unable to provide
a service that requires the use of such personal data | **legal claims:**
where your personal data is necessary for us to establish, exercise or defend
any legal claims.  
**contract performance:** where we are required to collect and handle your
personal data in order to provide you with the services that we have
contractually agreed to provide to you. | **substantial public interest:**
where we need to process your personal data for reasons of substantial public
interest set out in eu or uk law.  
**legal obligation:** where we need to use your personal data to comply with
our legal obligations. | **explicit consent:** where you have given your
explicit consent to the processing of those personal data for one or more
specified purposes. you may withdraw your consent to the use of your personal
data by contacting us as per section 1 of the privacy policy. if you do so, we
may be unable to provide a service that requires the use of such personal
data.  
**legitimate interests:** where we have a legitimate interest in using your
personal data. we will only rely on this lawful basis if we consider that our
interest in using your personal data for the relevant purpose is not
outweighed by any interests that you may have, or any prejudice that you may
suffer, from the relevant use of your personal data.  |  
  
  3. **profiling and automated decision making**

  1. the provisions of this section iii apply in addition to sections 5 and 7 of the privacy policy.
  2. our purchase approval process may utilize an automated analysis based on behavioral analysis (such as where your behavior appears to be inconsistent with your previous submissions). these will generate a score for your order and based on this score, orders may (in certain circumstances) be rejected automatically without human intervention.
  3. in relation to each of the instances of automated decision-making referred to above, you may have the right to require us to review the decision; to express your point of view; and to contest the outcome of the decision. we may reject the request, as permitted by applicable law, including when providing the information would result in a disclosure of a trade secret or would interfere with the prevention or detection of fraud or other crime. however, generally in these circumstances, our response will be limited to verifying (or requesting an applicable third party to verify) that the algorithm and source data are functioning as anticipated without error or bias.

  4. **transfers outside of the eea and uk**
    1. the provisions of this section iii apply in addition to section 10 of the privacy policy. 

**eu-us and swiss-us privacy shield**

    2. newegg complies with the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework and swiss-u.s. privacy shield framework as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the eu and switzerland to the united states. newegg has certified to the department of commerce that it adheres to the privacy shield principles. if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield principles shall govern. to learn more about the privacy shield program, and to view our certification, please visit _<https://www.privacyshield.gov/>_.
    3. in compliance with the privacy shield principles, newegg commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal data. eu, uk and swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our privacy shield policy should first contact newegg at: _[privacy@newegg.com](mailto:privacy@newegg.com)_.
    4. newegg has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the eu data protection authorities (dpas) and the swiss federal data protection and information commissioner (fdpic) with regard to unresolved privacy shield complaints concerning data transferred from the eu and switzerland. under certain circumstances, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration through the privacy shield arbitration process.
    5. with respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the privacy shield frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the u.s. federal trade commission.
    6. in the context of an onward transfer newegg has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the privacy shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. newegg shall remain liable under the principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rising to the damage.
    7. if transfers are made to other countries that are not deemed to provide adequate protections under eu or uk law, we will ensure that such transfer is subject to appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

  5. **what are your rights?**
    1. the provisions of this section v apply in addition to section 12 of the privacy policy.
    2. in addition to the rights set out at section 12 and section 13 of the privacy policy, you may, under certain conditions, have the right to: 
      * be provided with details about what personal data we hold about you and to be provided with a copy of your personal data;
      * withdraw your consent (where our processing activity is based on your consent);
      * be provided with a copy of the information you have provided to us in a machine-readable format so that you can transfer it to another provider or ask us to transfer this to another data controller (where our processing activity is based on contract performance or consent);
      * require us to delete personal data (including where our processing activity is based on your consent or our legitimate interests);
      * restrict how we use your personal data whilst a complaint is being investigated;
      * object to our processing of your personal data (where our processing is based on our legitimate interests); and
      * ask us not to reach decisions affecting you using automated processing or profiling ** _._**
    3. to exercise these rights, please submit a request to us by contacting us as per section 1 of the privacy policy above or by submitting the following webforms:  

      1. to access your personal data, submit the [gdpr access request form](https://www.newegg.com/d/info/gdpraccessrequestform).
      2. to delete your personal data, submit the [gdpr deletion request form](https://www.newegg.com/d/info/gdprdeletionrequestform).
      3. to correct your inaccurate personal data, submit the [gdpr rectification request form](https://www.newegg.com/d/info/gdprrectificationrequestform).
      4. to restrict the processing of your personal data, submit the [gdpr restriction request form](https://www.newegg.com/d/info/gdprrestrictionrequestform).
      5. to object to the processing of your personal data, submit the [gdpr objection request form](https://www.newegg.com/d/info/gdprobjectionrequestform).
      6. to request to not be subject to automated decisions, submit the [gdpr automated decisions request form](https://www.newegg.com/d/info/gdprautomateddecisionrequestform).
    4. if you exercise any of these rights we will check your entitlement and respond in most cases within a month.
    5. if you are not satisfied with how we have addressed your complaint or concerns, you can also contact your appropriate _eu data protection authority (dpa)._ if you are located in the uk, your dpa is the information commissioner’s office: information commissioner's office wycliffe house, water lane, wilmslow, cheshire, sk9 5af; email: [casework@ico.org.uk](mailto:casework@ico.org.uk); telephone: 0303 123 1113.
  6. **cookies and similar technologies**
    1. the provisions of this section vi apply in addition to section 6 of the privacy policy.
    2. further information about the cookies and similar technologies that are used on the site can be found in our [cookies policy](https://kb.newegg.com/knowledge-base/cookies-policy)

## appendix 5: hong kong special administrative region (hksar) specific
provisions

if you are located in the hksar, the provisions of this appendix 5 apply in
addition to the provisions of the privacy policy.

  1. **failure to provide personal data**
    1. the provisions of this section i apply in addition to section 4 and section 5 of the privacy policy.
    2. if you do not provide us with the personal data described in section 4 of the privacy policy, some or all of the following may happen:
    1. we may not be able to provide the requested products or services to you, either to the same standard or at all;
    2. we may not be able to provide you with information about products and services that you may want, including information about discounts, sales or special promotions; or
    3. we may be unable to tailor the content of our websites to your preferences and your experience of our websites may not be as enjoyable or useful.

  3. **what are your rights?**
    1. the provisions of this section ii apply in addition to section 5.2(k) and sections 13.4 – 13.6 of the privacy policy.
    2. we may use your name, contact details, location information, information about your use of our website and activity on social media platforms (including your preferences, transaction pattern and behavior) to send you marketing relating to our own, our group companies’ and/or our business partners’ products and events in the following categories:[electronic products, gaming products, furniture, home appliances, ]. we may also for gain, provide your personal data to our group companies and our business partners so that they can send you marketing in relation to the above products and events. your consent is required before we do so.
    3. the provisions of this section iii apply in addition to section 12 and section 13 of the privacy policy.
    4. in addition to the rights set out in section 12 and section 13 of the privacy policy, you may, under certain conditions, have the rights to be provided with details about what personal data we hold about you and to be provided with a copy of your personal data.
    5. to the extent permitted by relevant laws and regulations, we reserve the right to refuse unreasonable requests (for example, requests which are subject to legal privilege). to the extent permitted by relevant laws and regulations, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for the cost of processing any request set out in section ii(ii) of this appendix above.
    6. if you exercise any of these rights we will check your entitlement and respond in most cases within a month.

## appendix 6: mexico specific provisions

if you are located in mexico, the provisions of this appendix 6 apply in
addition to the provisions of the privacy policy.

you consent to the processing of your personal data (including the processing
of you financial data, and the transfers of your personal data to third
parties and to countries outside of mexico) on the terms set out in this
privacy policy.

  1. **what are your rights?**
    1. the provisions of this section i apply in addition to section 12 and section 13 of the privacy policy.
    2. in addition to the rights set out at section 12 and section 13 of the privacy policy, you may, under certain conditions, have the rights to:
      * request access to the personal data we have about you;
      * require us to correct inaccuracies in personal data we have about you;
      * request that we delete the personal data we have about you when you consider it is not being processed in accordance with this privacy policy;
      * under certain circumstances, object to the processing of your personal data (and as a result, we must discontinue process your personal data);
      * opt-out of our use, transfer, exchange, or disclosure (including to third parties) of your personal data; and
      * the right not to be discriminated against based upon whether you decide to exercise your rights, as described above.
    3. newegg will grant such requests, except where otherwise permitted to refuse to comply with a request under applicable laws. if you wish to exercise any of the above rights in relation to your personal data held by newegg, please contact the relevant data controller of your personal data as outlined in appendix 1.

## appendix 7: usa specific provisions

if you are located in the usa, the provisions of this appendix 7 apply in
addition to the provisions of the privacy policy.

**for all states except california**

  1. **what are your rights?**
    1. the provisions of this section i apply in addition to section 12 and section 13 of the privacy policy.
    2. in some states, you have certain rights pertaining to your personal data, including: the right to delete, the right to opt-out, the right to access your personal data, and the right not be discriminated against. to exercise your rights under any applicable law, please submit a verifiable request to us by emailing privacy@newegg.com or by contacting us as per section 1 of the privacy policy above.
  2. **tracking**
    1. newegg will not respond to web browser “do not track” signals. if you would like additional information about online tracking and various opt-out mechanisms, please see https://youradchoices.com/
    2. because we link to social media sites, and from time to time may include third-party advertisements, other parties may collect your personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different web sites when you visit this site.
    3. in addition, we use google adwords, so we are advertising the site online through a form of tracking called remarketing, third-party vendors, including google, show our ads on various sites across the internet, and use cookies to serve you ads based on your past visits to this site. you can opt-out of google's use of cookies by visiting google's ads settings <https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin>. alternatively, you can opt-out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page. <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>.
    4. we participate in the adobe marketing cloud device co-op to better understand how you use the site and our services across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. to learn more about the adobe marketing cloud device co-op, please visit <https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com>.
    5. please note that not all tracking will stop even if you delete cookies.

### **for california residents only**

where california privacy laws apply (if you are a consumer resident in
california and where the newegg data controller meets the relevant threshold
tests) the following additional provisions apply:

  1. **what personal data do we collect and who do we share your personal data with and why?**
    1. the provisions of this section ii apply in addition to section 4, section 5 and section 7 of the privacy policy.
    2. the information that we collect is set out in the main body of the privacy policy. we further detail it below in accordance with california privacy requirements:
**category** | **business/commercial purpose** | **disclosed/ "sold" to third
parties**  
---|---|---  
identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address,
account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport
number, or other similar identifiers | to perform services on behalf of
ourselves, including servicing your account and providing you customer service
and for the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy | personal
data is sold or disclosed in accordance with section 7 of the privacy policy.
recipients include service providers; advisors; marketplace platform
sellers/users and other site users (where applicable); our affiliated
companies; and as required for legal and regulatory purposes  
your signature, physical characteristics or description, telephone number,
insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card
number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health
insurance information. | to perform services on behalf of ourselves, including
servicing your account and providing you customer service and for the purposes
set out in section 5 of the privacy policy  
personal characteristics, such as your gender, age, date of birth, citizenship
status, and marital status. | to perform services on behalf of ourselves,
including servicing your account and providing you customer service and for
the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy  
personal characteristics, such as your gender, age, date of birth, citizenship
status, and marital status. | to perform services on behalf of ourselves,
including servicing your account and providing you customer service and for
the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy  
commercial information, including records of personal property, products or
services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming
histories or tendencies | to perform services on behalf of ourselves,
including servicing your account and providing you customer service and for
the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy  
biometric information | n/a  
internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not
limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a
consumer’s interaction with an internet web site, application, or
advertisement | auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer
and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad
impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad
impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other
standards and for the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy  
geolocation data | to perform services on behalf of ourselves, including
servicing your account and providing you customer service and for the purposes
set out in section 5 of the privacy policy  
audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information | n/a  
professional or employment-related information | n/a  
education information, defined as information that is not publicly available
personally identifiable information as defined in the family educational
rights and privacy act | n/a  
inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to
create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes | to perform services on behalf of
ourselves, including servicing your account and providing you customer service
and for the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy  
any other such personal data as set out in section 4 of the privacy policy |
to perform services on behalf of ourselves, including servicing your account
and providing you customer service and for the purposes set out in section 5
of the privacy policy  
    3. we may aggregate or de-identify any personal data that we collect in connection with our services, such that the information is no longer personally identifiable or attributable to you. we may use such aggregated information for our own legitimate business purposes without restriction.
    4. we do not sell the personal data of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
    2. **what are your rights?**
      1. the provisions of this section iii apply in addition to section 12 and section 13 of the privacy policy.
      2. as a california resident, you have the right: 
        * to request access to the personal data we have about you;
        * to request that we delete personal data about you;
        * to opt-out of our use, transfer, exchange or disclosure (including to third parties) of personal data about you; and
        * not to be discriminated against based upon whether you decide to opt-out.
      3. you have the right to request that we disclose to you what information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. under california law, “sell,” “selling,” “sale,” or “sold,” means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal data by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. you also have the right to request that a business delete any personal data about you which we have collected about you. we do not sell the personal data of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
      4. please note for your protection, any request sent to us to access or delete your personal data will be subject to the following verification procedure: upon your submission of a request using one of the methods described in paragraph viii, below, we will send an email confirmation to the email address we have on file for you requiring you to confirm your request. when you have completed this two-step process newegg will verify the information that you provide in your request against information we have on file for you. we reserve the right to deny your request if we cannot verify your identity. where we deny your request in whole or in part, we will endeavor to inform you of the denial, provide an explanation of our actions, and provide the reasons for the denial.
      5. you have the right to direct us to not “sell” your information. to exercise this right to opt-out of the sale of personal data, please click the “do not sell my personal info” link in the footer of the site and follow the instructions.
      6. we shall not discriminate against you for exercising any of your above rights.
      7. you may designate an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your rights on your behalf. to designate an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your rights under the ccpa on your behalf, then please complete and return the [agent authorization form](https://kb.newegg.com/knowledge-base/ccpa-agent-authorization-form/). your authorized agent must be able to provide to us written proof that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf. for your protection, we reserve the right to deny any request from an agent who does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf. we reserve the right to deny any request from an agent if we cannot verify your identity or the agent’s identity.
      8. to exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing privacy@newegg.com or by submitting the applicable following webform:
        * to access to your personal information, submit the [ccpa access request form](http://www.newegg.com/d/info/ccpaaccessrequestform).
        * to delete your personal information, submit the [ccpa deletion request form](http://www.newegg.com/d/info/ccpadeletionrequestform). 
    3. **cookies** **and similar technologies**
      1. the provisions of this section iv apply in addition to section 6 of the privacy policy.
      2. we will not respond to web browser “do not track” signals. if you would like additional information about online tracking and various opt-out mechanisms, please see <https://youradchoices.com/>
      3. because we link to social media sites, and from time to time may include third-party advertisements, other parties may collect your personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different web sites when you visit this site.
      4. in addition, we use google adwords, so we are advertising the site online through a form of tracking called remarketing, third-party vendors, including google, show our ads on various sites across the internet, and use cookies to serve you ads based on your past visits to this site. you can opt-out of google's use of cookies by visiting google's ads settings <https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin> . alternatively, you can opt-out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page. <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>
      5. we participate in the adobe marketing cloud device co-op to better understand how you use the site and our services across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. to learn more about the adobe marketing cloud device co-op, please visit <https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com>.
      6. please note that not all tracking will stop even if you delete cookies.

updated on october 6, 2020

### contents

      1. who are we
      2. about this privacy policy
      3. country specific provisions
      4. what personal data do we collect?
      5. why do we use your personal data?
      6. what are cookies?
      7. what cookies does newegg use?
      8. other tracking technologies
      9. "do not track signals"
      10. consent
      11. managing and disabling cookies on the site and on our app
      12. who do we share your personal data with and why?
      13. collection and use of non-personal information
      14. how do we protect your personal data?
      15. international transfers of personal data
      16. how long do we keep your personal data?
      17. what are your rights?
      18. how can you change or review your information and preferences?
      19. how can you change or review your technical preferences
        1. updates to this privacy policy
        2. last update
      20. appendix 1: list of newegg affiliates and subsidiaries
      21. appendix 2: australia specific provisions
      22. appendix 3: canada specific provisions
      23. appendix 4: european economic area (eea) and the united kingdom (uk) specific provisions
      24. appendix 5: hong kong special administrative region (hksar) specific provisions
      25. appendix 6: mexico specific provisions
      26. appendix 7: usa specific provisions
        1. for california residents only

(c) 2000-2021 [newegg inc](https://www.newegg.com/). all rights reserved. |

