skip to content

[the new york times](https://www.nytimes.com/)the times and your data

## main menu

[privacy f.a.q.](/privacy)[privacy policy](/privacy/privacy-policy)[cookie
policy](/privacy/cookie-policy)[english](/)

englishespañol繁體中文简体中文

the times and your data

# privacy policy

the times and your data

# the trust of our readers is essential.

# the new york times company privacy policy

last updated on january 29, 2021

at the times, our mission is to seek the truth and help people understand the
world. we want you to understand how we handle your data. we also want you to
know your rights and choices.

## page contents

  1. 1

what information do we gather about you?

  2. 2

what do we do with the information we collect about you?

  3. 3

with whom do we share the information we gather?

  4. 4

what are your rights?

  5. 5

what about sensitive personal information?

  6. 6

how long do you retain data?

  7. 7

how do you protect my information?

  8. 8

are there guidelines for children?

  9. 9

how is information transferred internationally?

  10. 10

what is our legal basis?

  11. 11

what about links to third-party services?

  12. 12

how are changes to this privacy policy communicated?

  13. 13

how can you contact us? who is the controller of your personal information?

this policy describes how we handle your data when you use “times services,”
listed below:

  * the new york times newspaper, plus our international edition
  * our websites, like nytimes.com
  * our apps, like the new york times app and the new york times crossword app
  * our email newsletters, like cooking and morning briefing
  * our pages or ads on social media networks, like our facebook and instagram pages
  * anywhere we gather information from you and refer you to this privacy policy

how we handle information about you depends on which times services you use —
and how you use them. we use different information about print subscribers
than website visitors.

be aware that certain times services work differently. some have additional
terms that supplement this policy (e.g., [reader
submissions](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/360004901454-reader-
submission-terms)). others refer to a different privacy policy altogether, so
this one does not apply.

###

1.

what information do we gather about you?

the information we gather about you depends on the context. by and large, it’s
information about you that can personally identify you — either on its own or
when combined with other information.

the following describes the information we collect and how we obtain it.

 **a) information collected through times services.**

  1.  **information you voluntarily give us**
    *  **for registration:**

when you sign up for a times service (e.g., a subscription), we collect your
contact information and account credentials. once you’re registered, we assign
you a unique id number. this id number helps us recognize you when you’re
signed in.

for some times services, you can instead sign up by linking your apple,
facebook or google account. see “from other sources” below.

if you register for an event or conference, we might ask for additional
information (e.g., your company name, your job title or your dietary
restrictions).

    *  **for billing:**

to process payments or donations, we collect and use your payment information.

this can include your name, your address, your telephone number, your email
address, your credit or debit card information and any other relevant
information.

    *  **for user-generated content:**

we offer you the ability to post content that other users can read (e.g.,
comments or recipe reviews). anyone can read, collect and use any personal
information that accompanies your posts. see the [comments
f.a.q.](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115014792387-comments), or
read [“user-generated content”](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-
us/articles/115014893428-terms-of-service#3) in our terms of service for more
information.

we do not have to publish any of your content. if the law requires us to take
down, remove or edit your personal information, we will comply to the required
extent.

    *  **for contests, sweepstakes and special offers:**

when you sign up for these, you give us your name, email and any other
required information.

    *  **for reader surveys, research, panels and experience programs:**

we gather information through questionnaires, surveys and feedback programs.
we also conduct similar research for advertisers. we ask you for your consent
to use this information when you participate in these programs and events.

    *  **during contact with our call centers:**

we collect information from you when you place an order over the phone or
contact customer service through one of our toll-free numbers.

    *  **personal contacts data:**

we never scan your device for your contacts or upload that data.

with your consent, we do comply with your requests to collect data about your
friends, family or acquaintances (e.g., refer a friend campaigns). this
functionality is only meant for u.s. residents. by using it, you acknowledge
and agree that both you and your contacts are based in the united states — and
that you have everyone’s consent for us to use their contact information.

  2.  **information collected automatically**
    *  **with tracking technologies in your browser and mobile apps:**

these technologies include cookies, web beacons, tags and scripts, software
development kits (or sdks) and beyond.

we track and store data about how you visit and use times services,
particularly through our websites and apps. the items we log include:

      * your ip address
      * your location
      * your operating system
      * your browser
      * your browser language
      * the urls of any pages you visit on our sites and apps
      * device identifiers
      * advertising identifiers
      * other usage information.

we combine this data with other information we collect about you. for more
information about tracking methods on times services, and how to manage them,
read our [cookie policy](https://www.nytimes.com/subscription/dg-cookie-
policy/cookie-policy.html).

if your browser doesn’t accept our cookies, you can’t access certain parts of
our websites (e.g., your account on nytimes.com). because the “do not track”
browser-based standard signal has yet to gain widespread acceptance, we don’t
currently respond to those signals. we however respond to the [global privacy
control](https://globalprivacycontrol.org/) in certain territories, such as
europe and california.

    *  **with gps technologies:**

some of our apps can provide content based on your gps location, if you enable
this feature (e.g., the new york times real estate app). your gps location is
your exact location.

you choose whether to enable gps features when you first install the app. you
can edit that setting on your device at any time. if you enable these
features, your gps location can be found by satellite, cell phone tower or wi-
fi and used by the app. if you save a location-based search in your history,
that data moves to our service provider’s servers — see below for the
definition of service provider.

if you do not enable gps location-based services, or if a specific app does
not have location-based features (e.g., the new york times app), we don’t
collect your precise gps location. we do collect your ip address, which can
establish your approximate location. ads on our sites and apps may be targeted
based on this approximate location, but are never targeted based on your gps
location.

 **b) information collected from other sources.**

  1.  **privately owned databases:**

marketing, data analytic and social media-owned databases give us access to a
range of information — like public data, survey data and beyond. this data
sometimes includes your mailing address, your gender, your age, your household
income and other demographic data.

  2.  **social media platforms and other third-party services:**

(social media platforms include facebook. third-party services include google
and nook.)

you can link your social media or other third-party account to a times
service. by linking the services, you authorize us to collect, store and use
any information they may give us (e.g., your email address). you can
disconnect your nytimes.com registration from third-party accounts at any
time.

we also receive information from you when you interact with our pages, groups,
accounts or posts on social media platforms. this includes aggregate data on
our followers (e.g., age, gender and location), engagement data (e.g.,
“likes,” comments, shares, reposts and clicks), awareness data (e.g., number
of impressions and reach) and individual users’ public profiles.

for more information, refer to our [social
login](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115014887628-social-login)
and [nook](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115014917867-nook-
subscribers) f.a.q.

  3.  **workplace and schools:**

when your employer or school buys an organizationwide subscription to
nytimes.com, they sometimes provide us with your name and organization email
address to grant you access as a user.

 **a note about future updates:**

we are always improving our products and services, and we create new features
regularly. these updates sometimes require us to collect new information, or
use what we already have differently. if there is a significant or material
change in the way we handle your personal information, we will notify you as
detailed below.

[back to top](app)

###

2.

what do we do with the information we collect about you?

 **a) we provide the times services.**

we use your information to help you use and navigate times services, such as:

  * making a times service available to you
  * arranging access to your account
  * providing customer service
  * responding to your inquiries, requests, suggestions or complaints
  * completing your payments and transactions
  * sending service-related messages (e.g., a change in our terms and conditions)
  * saving your reading list, recipes or property searches
  * displaying your crossword stats
  * letting you take part in paid services, polls, promotions, surveys, panels, research and comments.

 **b) we personalize your experience.**

we track your interests and reading habits (e.g., the articles you read) to
personalize your reading experience using technology like algorithmic
recommendations and machine learning. this is how we highlight articles you
might be interested in and de-emphasize articles you’ve already read. for more
information about content personalization on times services, you can read the
[personalization f.a.q.](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360003965994-personalization) we also show you prices, promotions,
products or services we believe you’ll find interesting, based on demographic
and usage data.

 **c) we allow you to share user-generated content.**

any information you disclose in your content becomes public — along with your
chosen screen name and uploaded photo.

 **d) we develop products and services, and do analysis.**

we analyze data on our users’ subscription, purchase and usage behaviors. this
helps us make business and marketing decisions.

for example, our analysis lets us predict preferences and price points for our
products and services. it helps us determine whether our marketing is
successful. it also shows us characteristics about our readers, which we
sometimes share in aggregate with advertisers.

google analytics is one of the analytics providers we use. you can find out
[how google analytics uses
data](https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites) and [how to opt
out of google analytics](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

 **e) we carry out administrative tasks.**

  * for auditing: we verify that our internal processes work as intended and comply with legal, regulatory and contractual requirements.
  * for fraud and security monitoring: we detect and prevent cyberattacks or unauthorized robot activities.
  * for customer satisfaction: we assess users’ satisfaction with times services and our customer care team.

the above activities can involve outside companies, agents or contractors
(“service providers”) with whom we share your personal information for these
purposes (discussed further below).

 **f) we offer sweepstakes, contests and other promotions.**

you can take part in our sweepstakes, contests and other promotions. some
might have additional rules about how we use and disclose your personal
information.

 **g) we allow for personalized advertising on times services and create
audiences for third-party advertisers.**

we gather data and work with [third parties](/privacy/third-party) to show you
personalized ads on behalf of advertisers. this data comes from ad tracking
technologies set by us or the third party (e.g., cookies), the information you
provide (e.g., your email address), your use of times services (e.g., your
reading history), information from advertisers or advertising vendors (e.g.,
demographic data) and anything inferred from any of this information. we only
use or share this information in a manner that does not reveal your identity.
for example, we use google to serve ads on times services. google uses cookies
or unique device identifiers, in combination with their own data, to show you
ads based on you visiting nytimes.com and other sites. you can opt out of the
use of the google cookie by visiting the [related google privacy
policy](https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en).

we also identify groups of users to whom to serve personalized ads on behalf
of our advertisers. to do this, we combine information we collect through
surveys or registration with information we collect automatically using
tracking technologies while you browse our sites and apps. this combined
information is used to build models. these data models are then used to
measure users’ attributes, like their demographic information or their
interests. working with service providers, we use these measurements to group
users by common attributes. each group is associated with a random id which is
then passed to our ad server for use in targeting ad campaigns on our sites
and apps.

another example is our affiliate link vendors, which we use in our guides and
product recommendations. times services include links that will send you to
vendor urls and other services not operated or controlled by us. these vendors
use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your
navigation from the times services to the merchant you are visiting. if you
buy a product after following a link to a link vendor’s url, we may earn a
commission.

 **additional notes:**

  * for more about targeted advertising, and how to opt out with your specific browser and device, go to the [daa webchoices browser check](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=en) and [nai opt out of interest-based advertising](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1). you can [download the appchoices app](https://youradchoices.com/appchoices) to opt out in mobile apps. you can also follow the instructions in the what are your rights? section below.
  * we try to limit how our third-party advertising technology vendors use the information they gather from you. many of these providers require us to enter into contracts that allow them to optimize their own services and products, or that help them create their own.  
  
essentially, these providers combine any information they gather about you
through times services with information they receive from their other clients.
this helps them target ads to you on behalf of their other clients, not just
us.

  * these third parties sometimes use other services in order to serve ads; check [their privacy policies for more details](/privacy/third-party). for further information on tracking technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, see the applicable [cookie policy](https://www.nytimes.com/subscription/dg-cookie-policy/cookie-policy.html).

 **h) we advertise times services to you.**

we market our properties to you. sometimes we use marketing vendors to do
this.

we serve ads through websites, locations, platforms and services operated and
owned by third parties. often these ads are targeted at people who have
visited or registered for a times service but have not subscribed or purchased
anything. the ads are also targeted at people with similar traits or behaviors
to our subscribers or customers.

we target our advertising to these users by uploading an encrypted customer
list to a third party, or by incorporating a tracking technology from a third
party onto our times service. the third party then matches individuals who
appear in both our data and their data. because of how this matching process
works, the third party can’t read our encrypted customer list if they don’t
already have it.

to opt out of receiving these matched ads, contact the applicable [third
parties](/privacy/third-party). for example, when we use “custom audience” to
serve you our ad through facebook, you should be able to hover over the box in
the right corner of that facebook ad and opt out. we are not responsible for
any third party’s failure to comply with opt-out requests.

we periodically send you targeted email newsletters or promotional emails. for
information on opting out of these emails, see what are your rights?

 **i) we aggregate (or de-identify) personal information into larger
findings.**

sometimes we aggregate or de-identify information so that it can no longer
identify you, under applicable laws. this helps us better understand and
represent our users, such as when we measure ad performance, create
advertising interest-based segments or compile survey results. we can use and
disclose this aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose, unless
an applicable law says otherwise.

[back to top](app)

###

3.

with whom do we share the information we gather?

 **a) within the new york times company:**

we share your information with our affiliates for the purposes listed here.
see [a list of our affiliates](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360004990014).

 **b) with service providers:**

we work with service providers, as defined above, to carry out certain tasks:

  * processing your payments
  * fulfilling your orders
  * maintaining technology and related infrastructure
  * offering you customer service
  * serving and targeting ads
  * measuring ad performance
  * presenting surveys
  * shipping you products and mailings
  * distributing emails
  * list processing and analytics
  * managing and analyzing research
  * managing promotions

when performing these tasks, service providers often have access to your
personal information.

we sometimes allow them to use aggregated or de-identified information for
other purposes, in accordance with applicable laws

 **c) with other third parties:**

there are situations when we share your information with third parties beyond
our service providers. we never share your email address with these third
parties without your consent, except in encrypted form to engage in the
matched ads process described above.

  1. if you’re a u.s. print subscriber, we may share your name and mailing address (among other information) with other reputable companies that want to market to you by mail.

  2. we share information about our live event and conference attendees (e.g., your name, your company or your job title) with the event sponsors. in those cases we notify you when you provide us the information.

  3. we share information about participants in our sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions with the promotions’ sponsors. in those cases we notify you when you provide us the information.

  4. we process payments you make through times services with external services.

there are two ways this can happen:

    * we collect your information and share it with the third-party service for processing.
    * the third-party service collects your information for processing.
  5. in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), we would have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your information to a third party — such as an acquiring entity and its advisers.

  6. we can preserve or share personal information if the law requires us to do so. we can also preserve or share personal information if we believe it would be necessary to:

    * comply with the law or with legal process
    * protect and defend our rights and property
    * protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the times services
    * protect the safety or property of our users or the general public (e.g., if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, we could share your information to help investigations into your actions)
    * cooperate with government authorities, which could be outside your country of residence.
  7. we disclose public activities in our rss feeds, apis and other distribution formats. your public activities could thus appear on other websites, blogs or feeds.

[back to top](app)

###

4.

what are your rights?

 **a) how do i opt out of email, phone, mail and push notifications?**

the opt-out methods described below are limited to the email address, phone or
device used. they won’t affect subsequent subscriptions.

  1.  **email:**

we offer a variety of commercial emails and email newsletters. you can
unsubscribe from them by following the “unsubscribe” instructions near the
bottom of the email. you can also email us at
[privacy@nytimes.com](mailto:privacy@nytimes.com).

you can [manage your nytimes.com newsletter
preferences](https://myaccount.nytimes.com/seg/settings).

  2.  **mail or telephone promotions:**

you can ask us to unsubscribe from our mail or telephone solicitations. you
can also ask us to not share your information with third parties for marketing
purposes. to do so, call us at 1-800-698-4637 or [chat with
us](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115015385887-contact-us). you
may also email us at [privacy@nytimes.com](mailto:privacy@nytimes.com) with
“opt out” in the subject line, and your account number and phone number in the
body of the email.

for international edition customers, you can write us at: the new york times
international edition, subscription dept. 18 museum street, london, wc1a 1jn,
united kingdom. please include your account number and phone number in the
body of the letter.

  3.  **push notifications:**

you can opt out any time by adjusting your device settings, or uninstalling
our app.

  4.  **text messages:**

you can opt out of text alerts any time by replying “stop,” or any alternative
keyword we’ve shared with you.

we complete any opt-out request as quickly as we can. this opt-out request
won’t prohibit us from sending you important nonmarketing notices.

 **b) how do you access, change, delete, update or exercise your other rights
in relation to your personal information?**  
in some parts of the world, you have the right to:

  * access, modify, or delete the personal information we have about you
  * receive an electronic copy of the personal information we have about you, for data portability
  * restrict, or object to, how we process personal information about you
  * not receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights.

you have the right to object to the processing of your personal information
based on our legitimate interest or that of a third party — unless we
demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing of, or the
keeping of, your personal information for the establishment, exercise or
defense of legal claims.

if you’d like to exercise any of the above rights, contact us via [this
form](https://www.nytimes.com/data-subject-request) or by calling us at our
toll-free number, 1-800-nytimes. in your request, please be specific. state
the information you want changed, whether you’d like your information
suppressed from our database or whether there are limitations you’d like us to
put on how we use your personal information. please use the email address
linked to that personal information — we only complete requests on the
information linked to your email address. to verify your identity, we will
email the email address you provide us, and which matches our records, and
wait for your response. in some instances we may also ask for additional
information. this is how we verify your identity before complying.

you can designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. in
order to do that, please provide the agent with written permission, signed by
you, authorizing the agent to submit the request on your behalf. the agent
must submit that written permission along with the request. we will contact
you to verify your identity — and the authorized agent’s permission — before a
response to the request is sent.

we’ll respond to your request in a manner consistent with applicable law.

we might need to keep certain information for recordkeeping purposes, or to
complete a transaction you began prior to requesting a change or deletion
(e.g., if you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you might not be able to
change or delete the personal information provided until after the completion
of the purchase or promotion).

in some cases, your request doesn’t ensure complete removal of the content or
information (e.g., if another user has reposted your content).

if you’d like, you can lodge a complaint with a data protection authority. a
[list of e.u. data protection
authorities](https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-
detail.cfm?item_id=612080) is available.

 **c) how do you manage your digital and home delivery accounts?**

you can update your account information and see [your transaction
history](https://myaccount.nytimes.com) (for [international edition print
subscribers](https://customercare.inyt.com)). if you need assistance, call our
toll-free number, 1-800-nytimes. [other local
numbers](https://subscribe.inyt.com/footer?requestaction=displaycontactiht)
are available.

it works differently if you subscribed via apple’s app store or google play.
register with us to access the account area, and contact apple or google for
your transaction history.

[back to top](app)

###

5.

what about sensitive personal information?

we generally don’t want to gather any sensitive information about you. this
includes:

  * your social security number
  * your racial or ethnic origin
  * your political opinions
  * your religion or other beliefs
  * your health, biometric or genetic characteristics
  * any trade union membership
  * any criminal background

there are rare situations when we request this information (e.g., a reader
survey asks about your political leanings), but you can decline to answer.
outside those situations we would prefer you never share that information with
us.

[back to top](app)

###

6.

how long do you retain data?

it depends. we store your personal information for as long as needed, or
permitted, based on the reason why we obtained it (consistent with applicable
law). this means we might retain your personal information even after you
close your account with us.

when deciding how long to keep your information, we consider:

  * how long we have had a relationship with you or provided a times service to you
  * whether we are subject to any legal obligations (e.g., any laws that require us to keep transaction records for a certain period of time before we can delete them)
  * whether we have taken any legal positions (e.g., in connection with any statutes of limitation).

rather than delete your data, we might de-identify it by removing identifying
details.

[back to top](app)

###

7.

how do you protect my information?

we protect your personal information with a series of organizational,
technological and physical safeguards — but we cannot guarantee its absolute
security. we recommend that you use complex and unique passwords for your
times accounts and for third-party accounts linked to them. do not share your
password with anyone.

if you have reason to believe your interaction with us is no longer secure,
notify us immediately.

[back to top](app)

###

8.

are there guidelines for children?

times services are intended for a general audience, and are not directed at
children under (13) years of age.

we do not knowingly gather personal information (as defined by the u.s.
children’s privacy protection act, or coppa) in a manner not permitted by
coppa. if you are a parent or guardian and you believe we have collected
information from your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at
[privacy@nytimes.com](mailto:privacy@nytimes.com). we will remove the data to
the extent required by applicable laws.

[back to top](app)

###

9.

how is information transferred internationally?

the new york times company is headquartered in the united states. if you are
located outside the united states, your information is collected in your
country and then transferred to the united states — or to another country in
which we (or our affiliates or service providers) operate.

if we transfer your data out of the european economic area (e.e.a.), we
implement at least one of the three following safeguards:

  * we transfer your information to countries that have been recognized by the european commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to e.e.a. standards (see the [full list of these countries](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en)).
  * we use a service provider in the united states that is [privacy shield](https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome) certified.
  * we take steps to ensure that the recipient is bound by e.u. standard contractual clauses to protect your personal data. you can see a [copy of these clauses](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en).

in certain situations, the courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory
agencies or security authorities in those countries might be entitled to
access your personal information.

[back to top](app)

###

10.

what is our legal basis?

in some jurisdictions, like the european union and the european economic area,
we only collect, use or share information about you when we have a valid
reason. this is called “lawful basis.” specifically, this is one of the
following:

  * the consent you provide to us at the point of collection of your information

  * the performance of the contract we have with you

  * the compliance of a legal obligation to which we are subject or

  * the legitimate interests of the times or a third party. “legitimate interest” is a technical term under international laws, including the european union general data protection regulation. it means that there are good reasons for the processing of your personal information, and that we take measures to minimize the impact on your privacy rights and interests. “legitimate interest” also refers to our use of your data in ways you would reasonably expect and that have a minimal privacy impact.

we have a legitimate interest in gathering and processing personal
information, for example: (1) to ensure that our networks and information are
secure; (2) to administer and generally conduct business within the new york
times company; (3) to prevent fraud; and (4) to conduct our marketing
activities.

[back to top](app)

###

11.

what about links to third-party services?

some times services contain links to third-party websites, resources, vendors
and advertisers. these third parties are not times services. we do not control
(and are not responsible for) third party content or privacy practices. any
personal data you provide to them is not covered by this privacy policy.

[back to top](app)

###

12.

how are changes to this privacy policy communicated?

we periodically update this privacy policy. we will post any changes on this
page by updating this policy.

if we make a significant or material change in the way we collect, use or
share your personal information, we will notify you at least 30 days prior to
the changes taking effect. we will do this via email or prominent notice
within times services. if you object to any change, you can stop using the
times services.

after we post any changes on this page, your continued use of times services
is subject to the updated privacy policy.

[back to top](app)

###

13.

how can you contact us? who is the controller of your personal information?

if you have any questions, email us at
[privacy@nytimes.com](mailto:privacy@nytimes.com) or write us at:

the new york times company  
620 eighth avenue  
new york, n.y. 10018  
attn.: privacy counsel

we can also be reached by phone at 1-800-nytimes (see a [a list of our local
telephone numbers outside the united
states](https://subscribe.inyt.com/footer?requestaction=displaycontactiht)).

the new york times company is referred to in this privacy policy as “the
times,” “we” or “our.”

certain times services operate as independent controllers of your personal
information. wirecutter operates as an independent controller of personal
information collected through the wirecutter site available at
nytimes.com/wirecutter, pages or ads on social media networks, email messages
sent by wirecutter, your offline contacts and any other service offered by
wirecutter (collectively, the “wirecutter services”). if you have any
questions regarding wirecutter, email us at
[privacy@thewirecutter.com](mailto:privacy@thewirecutter.com) or write us at:

wirecutter, inc.  
c/o the new york times company  
620 eighth avenue  
new york, n.y. 10018  
attn.: privacy counsel

wirecutter operates the wirecutter services in accordance with the practices
disclosed in this privacy policy. with respect to the wirecutter services,
wirecutter, inc. is referred to in this privacy policy as included in “the
times,” “we” or “our.” in this privacy policy, wirecutter services are
included under “times services.”

[back to top](app)

[the new york times](https://www.nytimes.com/)

©2021 the new york times company

[privacy f.a.q.](/privacy)[privacy policy](/privacy/privacy-policy)[cookie
policy](/privacy/cookie-policy)[california notice](/privacy/california-
notice)[third parties](/privacy/third-party)[terms of
service](https://help.nytimes.com/hc/en-us/articles/115014893428-terms-of-
service)

