 __ ****

×

[![](https://rs.ptrss.com/a/images/logo_120.png)](https://www.packagetrackr.com)

 **[package trackr](https://www.packagetrackr.com)**

we know where your stuff is.

  *     * [my account](https://www.packagetrackr.com/users/signin)
    *     * feedback

 __add package

we know where your stuff is.

* * *

  * [auto](https://www.packagetrackr.com/track)
  * [usps](https://www.packagetrackr.com/track/usps)
  * [ups](https://www.packagetrackr.com/track/ups)
  * [fedex](https://www.packagetrackr.com/track/fedex)
  * [dhl](https://www.packagetrackr.com/track/dhl-express)
  * [china post](https://www.packagetrackr.com/track/china-post)
  * [china ems](https://www.packagetrackr.com/track/china-ems)
  * [canada post](https://www.packagetrackr.com/track/canada-post)
  * [more...](https://www.packagetrackr.com/carriers)
  * [what's new?](https://www.packagetrackr.com/forwarding)
  * [my shipments](https://www.packagetrackr.com/packages/inbox)

# terms of service

last modified: april 1, 2015

* * *

by using packagetrackr.com, you are agreeing to the following terms and
conditions ("terms of service"). these terms apply to anyone who uses any
version of the packagetrackr website (the "service") including any information
stream derived thereof. we use data available from a variety of shipping
service providers (the "carrier") to help you know where your packages are,
and when to expect them to be delivered. a list of currently supported
carriers is available here. we have built this site to be a trusted resource;
to protect our users (that's you), our carriers, and our service from abuse,
we’ve laid out these clear guidelines. our goal is to have the best package
tracking service online. please let us know how we can do better! drop us a
note with your suggestions here. these terms may change from time to time; you
can always check in on the most current version at
https://www.packagetrackr.com/terms. by your continuing use of the service,
you're agreeing to these terms.

  * #### your use of content

use of packagetrackr content (tracking results, whitepapers, graphics, logos,
feedback, feeds, etc.) is for informational use only. you may not modify any
content, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish,
license, create derivative works from, transfer, post on any network,
broadcast in any media or sell any information, software, products or services
obtained from the services unless expressly permitted by packagetrackr.
elements of packagetrackr websites are protected by trademark, copyright, and
other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. content
other than that belonging to packagetrackr may be licensed or otherwise
published by packagetrackr with the permission of the owner of the material.
all rights in such materials are reserved to their respective owners.
packagetrackr reserves the right to review information saved to the service
and to remove any materials at its sole discretion.

  * #### we can modify or discontinue the service

packagetrackr reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue,
temporarily or permanently, the service (or any part thereof) with or without
notice, without liability to you or any third party.

  * #### our proprietary rights

we've worked hard to build this site, so you acknowledge and agree that the
service and any necessary software used in connection with the service
("software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is
protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws.

  * #### we can terminate your use of the service

it sounds mean, but packagetrackr, in its sole discretion, may terminate your
password, account or use of or access to the service, and remove and discard
any saved information, for any reason. the most likely reasons for termination
include hacking the service, unauthorized reuse of tracking information, use
of the service for illegal purposes, and otherwise acting in violation of the
terms or the spirit of these terms of service or other policies. if
packagetrackr terminates your use of the service, your saved information may
be immediately taken down. in this event, packagetrackr will not be
responsible to you or any third party for any termination of your access to
the service.

  * #### disclaimer of warranties and affiliations

the service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. we want the
information we provide you to be available 24/7 and flawlessly accurate, but
the information we display is subject to availability and accuracy from the
carriers. as such, you expressly understand and agree that your use of the
service is at your sole risk. packagetrackr expressly disclaims all warranties
of any kind, whether express or implied. packagetrackr makes no warranty that
the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, or that the
quality of any information obtained by you through the service will be
complete or correct, or that any errors in the software will be corrected. in
no event shall packagetrackr, its agents, or anyone else who has been involved
in the creation, production, or delivery of these pages, be liable for any
direct, incidental, or consequential damages resulting from the use of this
website. links to other websites do not imply an affiliation with those
websites, nor does the existence of a link to another site imply that the
organization or person publishing at that site endorses any of the materials
at this site. links to carrier websites and carrier contact information are
provided by packagetrackr as a convenience to its users. packagetrackr is not
responsible for the materials contained at any website linked to this site, or
from any information provided directly from any carrier or their agents.

that being said, if you've experience a bug or a technicality, or you just
don't like our site, we hope you'll share your feedback with us before leaving
the site.

#### about packagetrackr

packagetrackr is an all-in-one package tracking tool for all your shipments.
we will remember all of your tracking numbers and pull delivery status
information from dozens of carrier with extra features not offered on the
carriers' sites.

##### company

  * [about](https://www.packagetrackr.com/about)
  * [privacy](https://www.packagetrackr.com/privacy)
  * [terms](https://www.packagetrackr.com/tos)
  * [advertise](https://www.packagetrackr.com/ads)

##### features

  * [carriers](https://www.packagetrackr.com/carriers)
  * [forwarding](https://www.packagetrackr.com/forwarding)
  * [bookmarklet](https://www.packagetrackr.com/bookmarklet)
  * [notifications](https://www.packagetrackr.com/notifications)

##### get in touch

  * [ __faq](https://www.packagetrackr.com/faq)
  * [ __twitter](https://twitter.com/packagetrackr)
  * [ __facebook](https://www.facebook.com/packagetrackr)

* * *

packagetrackr.com (c) 2021[ **universal package tracking
service**](https://www.packagetrackr.com "universal package tracking service")

×

###

×

#### sign in with packagetrackr

[](https://www.packagetrackr.com/users/auth/windowslive)[](https://www.packagetrackr.com/users/auth/yahoo)[](https://www.packagetrackr.com/users/auth/facebook)[](https://www.packagetrackr.com/users/auth/amazon)

[![](https://rs.ptrss.com/a/images/goauth.png)](https://www.packagetrackr.com/users/auth/google)

* * *

remember me

sign in

[forgot your password?](https://www.packagetrackr.com/users/password/new)

[create an account](https://www.packagetrackr.com/users/signup)

by clicking on 'sign in' above you are agreeing to the[terms of
service](https://www.packagetrackr.com/tos)and the[privacy
policy](https://www.packagetrackr.com/privacy)

×

#### choose a specific carrier...

  * 

* * *

  * {{p.n}}

more than 40 carriers supported...

[back](javascript:;)

 __loading...

