openopen the pocket mobile menu[pocket](/explore?src=navbar)

  * [discover](https://getpocket.com/explore?src=navbar)
  * [my list](https://getpocket.com/login?src=navbar)

[log in](https://getpocket.com/login?src=navbar)[sign
up](https://getpocket.com/signup?src=navbar)

# terms of service

#####  _posted january 27, 2021_

please read the following terms of service ("agreement" or "terms of service")
before you install the pocket application or use any of the products or
services we provide through our application, software or website (all of which
are referred to collectively herein as the "pocket technologies"). the pocket
technologies are owned and licensed by mozilla corporation. (referred to
herein as "we," "us," "our," "mozilla") and are operated by mozilla's business
unit known as "pocket", which has developed applications and services for use
in connection with a variety of devices and platforms, including without
limitation, windows, mac, iphone, ipad, kindle fire, android, blackberry,
windows phone, chrome, safari, firefox and other mobile devices and computers.
the terms of service constitute a binding legal agreement, which govern your
use of the pocket technologies via any platform or device. by installing the
pocket application, visiting our website or installing or using any of the
pocket technologies, you are accepting these terms of service. if you do not
agree to these terms, please do not install our application, access our
website or use any of our products or services. this agreement includes the
following provisions, and you can jump to each by selecting the links below:

  * the pocket service
  * license grant
  * ownership
  * license restrictions
  * information you provide
  * copyright infringement
  * third party websites and opinions
  * proprietary rights notices
  * disclaimer of warranties
  * limitation of liability
  * indemnification
  * disputes
  * governing law
  * automatic renewal, payments, and refunds
  * cancellation policy for pocket premium
  * termination
  * assignment
  * severability
  * relationship of the parties
  * force majeure
  * entire agreement
  * international access
  * u.s. government restricted rights
  * access by children
  * electronic communications
  * revisions to agreement
  * copyright notice

if you have questions or concerns regarding this agreement, the pocket
technologies or your pocket premium subscription, you should contact us at
legal@getpocket.com. alternatively, you may contact us at:  
mozilla corporation  
attn: pocket business unit  
2 harrison street, suite 175  
san francisco, ca 94105

##### the pocket service

the pocket software application, supporting files and accompanying
documentation (referred to collectively herein as the "pocket application") is
provided solely for your personal, noncommercial use. the videos, articles and
other content that you choose to save may be protected by copyright and other
laws. please refer to the website you were visiting when you saved such
content for copyright notices, information and restrictions that may be
applicable to such content.

we respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the
same. the pocket technologies allow you to time-shift across devices and
platforms so that you can access information later that you had the right to
access when you saved such content to pocket. as a condition to your use of
the pocket technologies, you agree not to use the pocket technologies to
infringe any intellectual property rights. we reserve the right, at any time,
in our sole discretion, with or without notice, to terminate the accounts of,
and block access to the pocket technologies to, any users who infringe any
copyrights or other intellectual property rights.

we offer a paid subscription service ("pocket premium") which, among other
things, provides paid subscribers with certain features that are not made
available to users of the standard, free version of the pocket technologies.
each paid subscriber has a separate, personal library in which an archival
copy of saved content is stored for that subscriber’s own personal non-
commercial use at a later time. the pocket premium subscription service also
includes other features, such as full-text searching of saved content and
suggested tags for an item. subscriptions to pocket premium are available on
monthly and yearly subscription plans.

##### license grant

subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, we grant you a limited,
non-exclusive, personal, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, noncommercial
right and license to: (1) download and use a copy of the pocket application;
and (2) view and use the pocket technologies, including, without limitation,
the products and services made available on or through the pocket application
or our website. no other right or license of any kind is granted to you
hereunder with respect to the pocket technologies. nothing contained herein
shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any
license or other grant of right to use any patent, copyright, trademark,
service mark, trade secret or other intellectual property right, except as
expressly provided herein. if you want to make commercial use of any of the
pocket technologies, you must enter into a separate written agreement with us
in advance. the license provided herein is effective until terminated. this
license automatically terminates if you fail to comply with the terms and
conditions of this agreement. you agree that, upon such termination, you will
destroy or permanently erase all copies of the pocket technologies.

##### ownership

the pocket technologies, including, but not limited to, the pocket application
and all other programs, text, graphics, files and other content are owned and
copyrighted by mozilla and its licensors, and are protected worldwide. we
retain all right, title and interest in and to the pocket technologies and any
portion thereof, including, without limitation, all patent rights, copyrights,
trademarks (including without limitation pocket®, the pocket logo and the
rainbow bar), service marks, trade secrets and other intellectual property
rights, any derivative work of the pocket technologies, and any update, and
any copies thereof, regardless of the form or media in or on which the
original or other copies may subsequently exist. for purposes of this
agreement, "update" shall mean any modification, error correction, bug fix,
new release, upgrade, patch or other update to or for the pocket application.
you agree to take any action reasonably requested by us to evidence, maintain,
enforce or defend the foregoing. you shall not take any action to jeopardize,
limit or interfere in any manner with our ownership of and rights with respect
to the pocket technologies, or any derivative work or update. this license is
not a sale of the original or any backup copy. all rights are reserved unless
otherwise noted.

##### license restrictions

your access to and use of the pocket technologies is subject to this agreement
and all applicable laws and regulations. you may not: (1) modify, translate,
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create any derivative works based
on the pocket technologies, including any of its files, tables or
documentation, or any portion thereof, or determine or attempt to determine
any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied in the pocket
application or any portion thereof; (2) distribute, license, transfer, or
sell, in whole or in part, any of the pocket technologies or any derivative
works thereof; (3) market, rent or lease the pocket technologies for a fee or
charge, or use the pocket technologies to advertise or perform any commercial
solicitation; (4 ) use the pocket technologies to upload or distribute in any
way files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software
or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer; (5) interfere
with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the pocket
technologies, any transactions being offered in connection with the pocket
technologies or any other activities conducted by us, disrupt our website or
any networks connected to the pocket technologies, or bypass any measures we
may use to prevent or restrict access to the pocket technologies; (6) exploit
the pocket technologies in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including, but not
limited to, by trespass or burdening network capacity; (7) use any robot,
spider, scraper, or other automated means to access our website or proprietary
work for any purpose without our prior written permission; (8) use the pocket
technologies to collect or harvest personal information about other users of
the pocket technologies; (9) take any action that imposes or may impose an
unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (10)
share any videos, articles or other content with any unreasonably large number
of persons, including without limitation sending blast communications to a
large number of recipients or sharing content with persons you do not know or
who do not know you; (11) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or
otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (12) use the
pocket technologies, or any other services, products, or downloads available
in connection with the pocket technologies for illegal purposes; (13)
represent that you are the owner of any of the pocket technologies, including
any of its individual files, drawings or documentation; (14) remove or alter
any proprietary notices, labels, marks or identifying information of any kind
on the pocket technologies; (15) incorporate the pocket technologies or any
portion thereof into any other program or product; (16) use the pocket
technologies for any purpose other than in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this agreement; or (17) copy or reproduce, in any form or by any
means, any part of the pocket technologies (except that you may make one copy
of the pocket application for archival or backup purposes only, provided that
any such copy contains the copyright and proprietary notices in unaltered
form). we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit
access to the pocket technologies in our sole discretion.

##### information you provide

you agree to read our [privacy policy](/privacy), which explains what type of
information we collect and what might happen to that information, including,
without limitation, how such information is shared and used. although our
privacy policy is not a legal agreement, and creates no contractual
obligations, it contains information that you should review prior to using the
pocket technologies. our privacy policy will apply to the information we
collect, whether or not you choose to read it. you are not required to create
a user account or provide any personal information in order to visit our
website. you are required to create a user account, however, to use our
application or some of our services, such as saving videos, articles or other
content to pocket, or to sign up for our paid subscription service. if you
choose to create a user account, you must provide certain current, complete,
and accurate information about you, as requested during the registration
process ("registration data"), and you must maintain and update such
registration data to keep such information current, complete and accurate. you
warrant that your registration data and all of the other information that you
provide to us will be truthful, accurate, and complete, and that you are
authorized to provide such information. you authorize us to verify your
registration data at any time. if any registration data that you provide is
untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we retain the right, in our
sole discretion, to suspend or terminate your user account and your access to
the pocket technologies.

if you choose to create a user account, you are responsible for maintaining
the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to
your account. you may not share your password or other account access
information with any other party, temporarily or permanently, and you agree to
accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or
password, whether or not authorized by you. you agree to immediately notify us
of any unauthorized use of your account, registration data or passwords, as
the case may be. we reserve the right to refuse service and/or terminate user
accounts in our sole discretion.

if you choose to send us any message, feedback or data, including, but not
limited to, any ideas, comments, suggestions or questions regarding any
product or service, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential.
we shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information and
shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the information to
others without limitation. further, we shall be free to use any ideas,
concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose
whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and
marketing products and services incorporating such ideas, concepts, know-how
or techniques. the pocket technologies enable users to share, save or post
information or materials, or to communicate with or otherwise share
information with other users or persons. you agree not to share, save, submit,
publish, display, disseminate, or otherwise communicate any defamatory,
inaccurate, abusive, threatening, offensive, indecent, illegal or otherwise
objectionable material, or any material that violates any federal, state, or
local law in the united states or anywhere else in the world. you are solely
responsible for all information which you share, save, submit, publish,
display, disseminate or otherwise communicate through the pocket technologies,
even if a claim should arise after termination of service. you agree that all
such content, messages and other communications shall not be deemed to be
private or secure, and that any such content, messages and communications can
be read by the operators and/or other agents of mozilla, whether or not they
are the intended recipients. if we or any other person asks you to cease and
desist from sharing any videos, articles or other content with any third
party, or to cease communicating with any third party via the pocket
technologies, you agree to comply with such request immediately.

##### copyright infringement

the videos, articles and other content made available on third-party websites
may be protected by copyright and other applicable laws. some content may not
be reproduced, used to prepare derivative works, distributed, performed
publicly or displayed publicly without the written permission of the copyright
holder, except to the extent allowed under the "fair use" provisions of the
u.s. copyright laws, other limitations on exclusive copyrights in the u.s.
copyright laws, or comparable provisions of foreign laws. other content may
have re-use permissions attached. please refer to the website you were
visiting when you saved such content for information that may be applicable to
such content.

you represent and agree that the pocket application will be used solely for
your personal-noncommercial use with respect to content of websites that you
have the lawful right to access, and that the pocket application will not be
used in violation of the restrictions posted on the website where such content
was published. some websites include security measures designed to prevent
access, and you agree not to take any steps to defeat any such security
measures. we do not necessarily monitor any materials posted, transmitted, or
saved to or with the pocket technologies. by posting, sharing or saving any
videos, articles or content, you represent that doing so does not infringe any
third party’s copyrights, trademarks, privacy rights or other intellectual
property or legal rights of any kind. if notified that any user has posted,
shared or saved any information or materials which allegedly do not conform to
this agreement, we may in our sole discretion investigate the allegation and
determine whether to take any other actions, including, but not limited to,
whether to remove or request the removal of the information or materials
posted, shared or saved by a user. we also reserve the right to terminate the
account of any user who transfers or saves content in violation of this
agreement. we shall have no liability or responsibility to users for
performance or nonperformance of such activities. you may be subject to civil
and criminal penalties, including without limitation monetary damages, if you
violate the terms of this agreement or infringe any third party’s legal
rights.

if you believe that your copyrighted work or trademark has been infringed,
please contact us and provide all information relevant to any claim of
copyright or trademark infringement. please contact us as described on our
[report copyright infringement](/report_infringement) page.

##### third party websites, software and services

the content, products and services available via the pocket technologies
include materials from non-affiliated third parties. we also participate in
joint marketing and other service offerings with third parties and our website
contains links to third-party sites. the pocket technologies also integrate,
only at your request, with third-party software applications and services that
enable you to save to pocket within such third-party applications and to
utilize the information we collect to improve the service offerings by such
third parties. such third parties may provide you with an opportunity to
install the pocket application or use the pocket technologies from or through
their websites or such third parties may request to access or use your pocket
user account or other information so that they can customize the services that
they provide to you. for example, if you are on a third-party website, you may
be provided with the opportunity to download and install the pocket
application or you may be redirected to our website or provided with access to
the pocket technologies. the third parties that contract with us are
independent, and are not our agents. such links are provided for your
convenience only. we do not control, and are not responsible for, the content
of, or products or services available through, any third-party websites,
including without limitation the websites that offer videos, articles or other
content that you choose to save to pocket. we are not responsible for
examining or evaluating any third-party content. you understand and agree that
we do not warrant and shall not be liable for any third-party materials or
websites. you also agree that you will not use any third-party content or
materials in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other
party and that we are not in any way responsible for any such use by you.

if you have developed a software application and are interested in integrating
such application with the pocket technologies, you must enter into our [api
license agreement](http://getpocket.com/developer/docs/tos). please contact us
at legal@getpocket.com for additional information.

##### proprietary rights notices

all trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary
designations of pocket used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of
pocket. any other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other
proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their
respective parties.

##### disclaimer of warranties

reasonable efforts are taken to improve the accuracy and integrity of the
pocket technologies, but we are not responsible for mistakes, out-of-date
information, inaccuracies, typographical or other errors. notwithstanding any
other provision of this agreement, we reserve the right to change, suspend,
remove, or disable access to any of the pocket technologies, content, or other
materials comprising a part of the pocket technologies at any time without
notice. in no event will we be liable for making these changes. as a
registered user in good standing, you may be provided with limited access to
the videos, articles or other content saved to pocket. such access is provided
as an accommodation only, and the items you save with pocket may be deleted at
any time and for any reason. we do not warrant, and will not have any
liability or responsibility for, your use of pocket or the products or
services we provide. we may also impose limits on the use of or access to
certain features or portions of the pocket technologies, for any reason and
without notice or liability. our website, products and services may be
unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication, software,
and other failures. we cannot predict or control when such downtime may occur
and cannot control the duration of such downtime.

 **the pocket technologies (including, without limitation, our application,
software, products, services and website) are provided "as is" and with all
faults. we make no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the
completeness, accuracy, adequacy, suitability, functionality, availability, or
operation of the pocket technologies. you acknowledge that we do not have
control over your use of the pocket technologies, and we do not warrant the
performance or results that may be obtained through your use of the pocket
technologies. you assume all risks and responsibility for your use of the
pocket technologies and for any loss of or errors in any data or information.
to the full extent permissible by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties,
express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement, and
any warranties arising through course of dealing or usage of trade. without
limiting the foregoing, we neither warrant nor represent that your use of the
pocket technologies will not infringe the rights of any third parties, nor
that the pocket technologies will be available for your access or use, nor
that operation of the pocket technologies will be error free or uninterrupted.
please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied
warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. in addition,
you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.**

##### limitation of liability

 **there are inherent risks in relying upon, using, or retrieving any
information found on the internet, and we urge you to make sure you understand
these risks before using the pocket technologies or any website that provides
you with access to the pocket technologies. your use of the pocket
technologies is at your own risk. neither mozilla nor any of its parents,
subsidiaries or affiliates, nor any of their employees, officers or directors,
shall be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special,
consequential, or other damages (including, without limitation, loss of data
or information of any kind, loss of business, lost profits, interruption of
business, cost of cover or any other damages) arising out of or in any way
related to this agreement or the use or inability to use the pocket
technologies, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise,
even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. please note
that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of certain damages, so
some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.**

##### indemnification

you agree, at your own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless
mozilla, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers,
directors, employees, agents, distributors and licensees, from and against any
judgments, losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, claims, demands,
suits, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’
fees, expert witness fees and expenses) incurred in, arising out of or in any
way related to your breach of this agreement, your use of the pocket
technologies, or any of your other acts or omissions.

##### disputes

 **any dispute or claim arising out of or relating in any way to your use of
any of the pocket technologies, including without limitation any disputes
related to the pocket premium subscription service, will be resolved by
binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that you may assert claims
in small claims court if your claims qualify. the federal arbitration act and
federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.**

 **there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an
arbitration award is limited. an arbitrator, however, may award on an
individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including, without
limitation, injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must
follow these terms of service as a court would. arbitration is more informal
than a lawsuit in court, and allows for more limited discovery than in court.
the arbitrator will decide all issues, including, without limitation, issues
relating to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision.**

to initiate an arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting
arbitration and describing your claim to: president, mozilla
corporation/pocket business unit, 2 harrison street, suite 175, san francisco,
ca 94105. unless you and we agree otherwise, any arbitration will take place
in the county (or parish) where you live. the arbitration will be conducted by
jams in accordance with that organization’s "streamlined arbitration rules &
procedures" if jams has an office in the county (or parish) where the
arbitration takes place. otherwise, the arbitration will be conducted by a
neutral arbitrator in accordance with the american arbitration association
(aaa) rules, including the aaa’s supplementary procedures for consumer-related
disputes. jams rules and other information are available at
https://www.jamsadr.com or by calling 800.352.5267. the aaa’s rules and other
information are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. payment
of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the
applicable jams or aaa rules. we will promptly reimburse you for your payment
of the filing fees, unless your claim is for greater than us$10,000, in which
event you will be responsible for filing fees. if your claim is for us$10,000
or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be
conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator,
through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the
applicable jams or aaa rules. the arbitrator shall have the discretion to
award reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs (including the cost of the
arbitration and of experts) to the prevailing party, but we will only seek
such fees if the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous.

 **we each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted
only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative
action. if for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in
arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial.**

##### governing law

by using any of the pocket technologies, you agree that the federal
arbitration act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of
california, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern
these terms of service and any dispute of any kind that might arise between
you and us.

##### automatic renewal, payments, and refunds

subscriptions to our paid pocket premium service are available on monthly and
yearly subscription plans. each paid subscription is valid for only one user
account and you are not permitted to use your paid subscription with any other
user accounts. **your paid pocket premium subscription will be automatically
renewed, and the subscription fee charged, at the end of each subscription
period until you cancel. the subscription fee will be charged to your last
payment method.** we may offer a free trial period for pocket premium. if you
sign up for a free trial, you will be charged the subscription fee when the
free trial period ends, and at the end of each subsequent subscription period
until you cancel.

we reserve the right in the future to charge for use of our services that are
currently available free of charge. you will not be charged for using any
service unless you have opted for a paid subscription plan. we will provide
users with notice of any material change to the terms and conditions
applicable to the subscription service at least thirty days prior to such
change taking effect. by continuing to use our services after the change takes
effect, you accept the new terms.

we do not issue refunds for subscriptions paid for through itunes or google
play. if you pay for your paid subscription through our website, we may, at
our sole discretion, provide a pro-rata refund for the unused portion of the
subscription period.

##### cancellation policy for pocket premium

you may cancel your subscription at any time. **if you cancel or decide not to
renew, you will be downgraded to our free service upon cancellation or at the
end of your subscription period, as applicable. if you do not pay for your
paid subscription on time, we reserve the right to suspend your paid
subscription or reduce your service level to our free service. to cancel your
subscription, please send an email to cancel@getpocket.com, or follow the
instructions for cancellation that are available on our website.**

##### termination

this agreement is effective unless and until terminated as expressly provided
herein. we may terminate this agreement at any time and may do so immediately
without notice, without any liability to you, and accordingly deny you access
to the pocket technologies, in our sole discretion, if you have failed or we
suspect you have failed to comply with any term or provision of this
agreement. upon any termination of this agreement, you must promptly destroy
all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from us, as well as all copies
of such materials. termination of this agreement shall not act as a waiver of
any breach of this agreement and shall not release you from any liability for
breach of your obligations under this agreement.

upon the termination of a paid subscription, any of the data stored as part of
your paid subscription (including, for example, copies of content in your
permanent library), will be stored for 30 days. following such 30 day period,
we will have no obligation to save any such data.

##### assignment

this agreement may not be assigned, in whole or part, whether voluntarily, by
operation of law or otherwise, by you without our prior written consent.
subject to the preceding sentence, the rights and liabilities of the parties
hereto is binding on, and shall inure to the benefit of, the parties and their
respective successors and assigns. any attempted assignment other than in
accordance with this section shall be null and void.

##### severability

if the application of any provision of this agreement to any particular facts
or circumstances shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator
or tribunal, then (a) the validity and enforceability of such provision as
applied to any other particular facts or circumstances and the validity of
other provisions of this agreement shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby, and (b) such provision shall be enforced to the maximum
extent possible so as to effect the intent of the parties and reformed without
further action by the parties to the extent necessary to make such provision
valid and enforceable.

##### relationship of the parties

nothing contained in this agreement shall be deemed or construed as creating a
joint venture, partnership, agency, employment or fiduciary relationship
between the parties. neither party nor their agents have any authority of any
kind to bind the other party in any respect whatsoever, and the relationship
of the parties is, and at all times shall continue to be, that of independent
contractors.

##### force majeure

we shall not be responsible or have any liability for any delay or failure to
perform to the extent due to unforeseen circumstances or causes beyond its
reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts of god, earthquake,
fire, flood, embargoes, labor disputes and strikes, riots, war, novelty of
product manufacture or other unanticipated product development problems, and
acts of civil and military authorities.

##### entire agreement

this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
representations, discussions, proposals, negotiations, conditions, agreements
and communications, whether oral or written, between the parties relating to
the subject matter of this agreement and all past courses of dealing or
industry custom. no amendment or modification of any provision of this
agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized
signatory of mozilla and you.

##### international access

the pocket technologies may be accessed from countries other than the united
states. we control and operate the pocket technologies from offices located in
the united states and all servers that make it available reside in the united
states. we make no representations or warranties that the pocket technologies
are appropriate for use or access in other locations. if you access and use
the pocket technologies outside the united states, you do so on your own
initiative and you are responsible for complying with united states and your
local laws and regulations, if and to the extent such laws are applicable.

you may not use, export, re-export, import or transfer the pocket technologies
except as authorized by united states law, the laws of the jurisdiction in
which you obtained the pocket technologies, and any other applicable laws. in
particular, but without limitation, the pocket technologies may not be
exported or re-exported: (a) into any united states embargoed countries; or
(b) to anyone on the u.s. treasury department’s list of specially designated
nationals or the u.s. department of commerce’s denied person’s list or entity
list. by using the pocket technologies, you represent and warrant that you are
not located in any such country or on any such list. you also may not use the
pocket technologies for any purpose prohibited by u.s. law, including the
development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical
or biological weapons. we reserve the right to limit, in our sole discretion,
the availability of the pocket technologies or any portion thereof, to any
person, geographic area, or jurisdiction, at any time.

we reserve the right to limit, in our sole discretion, the availability of the
pocket technologies or any portion thereof, to any person, geographic area, or
jurisdiction, at any time.

##### u.s. government restricted rights

if this product is acquired under the terms of a government contract, use,
duplication and disclosure are subject to the terms of this license and the
following restrictions: subdivision (c)(1)(ii) of the rights in technical data
and computer software clause at 252.227-7013 (dod contracts); subdivisions (a)
through (d) of 52.227-19 (civilian agency contracts); and the applicable adp
schedule contract (gsa contracts).

##### access by children

in the united states, if you are a device manufacturer or other third party
(the "sponsor") that provides devices to children under the age of 13 that
utilize the pocket technologies, you assume the responsibility for complying
with the u.s. children’s online privacy protection act ("coppa") and, to the
extent applicable, the family educational rights and privacy act ("ferpa").
this means that the sponsor must notify parents/guardians of the information
to be collected and obtain parental/guardian consent before collecting and
sharing with the pocket application the personal information of children under
the age of 13 in order to establish an account or use the pocket technologies.
schools may under appropriate circumstances provide such consent on behalf of
parents/guardians. for more information on complying with coppa, see the
federal trade commission’s website at
http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/coppafaqs.shtm.

except as provided in the paragraph above, the pocket technologies are not for
individuals under the age of 13. if you are 13 or older but under the age of
18, you should review this agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure
that you and your parent or guardian understand and agree to it.

##### electronic communications

if you create a user account or send emails to us, you consent to receive
communications from us electronically. we will communicate with you by email
or by posting notices on the pocket technologies. you agree that all
agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to
you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be
in writing. you agree that we may send email to you for the purpose of
advising you of changes or additions to the pocket technologies or your pocket
premium subscription, about any of our products or services, or for such other
purposes as we deem appropriate.

##### revisions to agreement

we may, at any time, revise this agreement. if we modify the terms of service,
we will post the modification on our website, through the pocket technologies,
or otherwise provide you with notice of the modification. prior to each usage
of the pocket technologies, you should review the terms of service to
determine the current agreement to which you are bound. for your convenience,
we include the effective date of the agreement at the beginning of the
document, so that you can easily ascertain whether it has been updated since
the last time you viewed the terms of service. your continued use of the
pocket technologies constitutes acceptance of this agreement at the time of
each use. if the modified terms of service are not acceptable to you, your
only recourse is to cease using the pocket technologies. notwithstanding the
preceding sentences of this paragraph, no revisions to the terms of service
will apply to any dispute between you and pocket that arose prior to the date
of such revision. these terms of service may only be modified in writing as
set forth in this paragraph, and may not be modified orally.

##### copyright notice

copyright © 2012-2021 mozilla corporation all rights reserved.

###### products

  * [must-read articles](https://getpocket.com/explore/must-reads?src=footer_v2)
  * [daily newsletter](https://getpocket.com/explore/pocket-hits?src=footer_v2)
  * [pocket premium](https://getpocket.com/premium?ep=1&src=footer_v2)
  * [save to pocket extensions](https://getpocket.com/welcome?src=footer_v2)

###### company

  * [about](https://getpocket.com/about?src=footer_v2)
  * [careers](https://getpocket.com/jobs?src=footer_v2)
  * [blog](https://blog.getpocket.com?src=footer_v2)

###### resources

  * [get help](https://help.getpocket.com/?src=footer_v2)
  * [developer api](https://getpocket.com/developer?src=footer_v2)
  * [pocket for publishers](https://getpocket.com/publisher?src=footer_v2)
  * [advertise](https://getpocket.com/sponsor?src=footer_v2)

###### get the app

[![download on the apple app store](https://assets.getpocket.com/web-
ui/assets/apple-app-store-
badge.2928664fe1fc6aca88583a6f606d60ba.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/pocket-
save-read-grow/id309601447)[![get it on google
play](https://assets.getpocket.com/web-ui/assets/google-play-
badge.db9b21a1c41f3dcd9731e1e7acfdbb57.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ideashower.readitlater.pro)

pocket is part of the [mozilla](https://www.mozilla.org/about/) family of
products.© 2021 read it later, inc.[privacy
policy](https://getpocket.com/privacy?src=footer_v2)[terms of
service](https://getpocket.com/tos?src=footer_v2)cookie preferences

[facebookvisit our facebook page](https://facebook.com/pocket)[twitterview our
twitter profile](https://twitter.com/pocket)

