































[quora](/)

[aboutabout ](/about)

[careerscareers ](/careers)

[presspress ](/press)

[businessesbusinesses ](/business?medium=business&source=static_header)

privacy policy

 _last updated: december 11, 2020_

quora recognizes that your privacy is very important, and we take it
seriously. this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) describes our policies and
procedures on the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of your personal
information when you use the quora platform.

this privacy policy applies to activities by quora, inc. and its affiliates
and subsidiaries (collectively “quora,” “we” or “us”). capitalized terms that
are not defined in this privacy policy have the meaning given to them in our
[_terms of service_](/about/tos).

 **notice for california residents**

if you are a california resident, please see the section below titled
additional information for california residents.

 **the information we collect**

we collect information directly from individuals, from third parties, and
automatically through the quora platform.

 ** _account and profile information_** : when you create an account and
profile on the quora platform, we collect your name, contact information,
demographic information, and other information you provide, such as topics
that you know about or find interesting. your name, photo, and any other
information that you choose to add to your public-facing profile will be
available for viewing by the public and other users of the quora platform.
once you create a profile, others will be able to see in your profile certain
information about your activity on the quora platform, such as the questions
and answers you post, your followers and who you follow, topics of interest to
you, the information you list as credentials, and your edits to your content.
for more information about your choices for publicly displayed information,
see the section below about your choices.

 ** _your content_** : we collect the information and content that you post to
the quora platform, including your questions, answers, photos, and comments.
unless you have posted certain content anonymously, your content, date and
time stamps, and all associated comments are publicly viewable on the quora
platform, along with your name. this also may be indexed by search engines and
be republished elsewhere on the internet in accordance with our [_terms of
service_](/about/tos). for more information about what you can change, see the
below section on your choices.

 ** _communications_**. when you communicate with us (via email, through the
quora platform, or otherwise), we may maintain a record of your communication.

 ** _integrated service provider and linked networks._** you can connect your
existing quora account with certain third-party networks like twitter or
google, for example (each a “linked network”). you can also elect to sign in
or sign up to the quora platform through a linked network. if you elect to
sign up through or connect a linked network, we receive certain profile and
account information about you from the linked network. these linked networks
may also appear in your profile, so that people can find you on these linked
networks. the specific information provided to us by linked networks is
determined by you and such linked networks, and may vary by network. in all
cases, the permissions page for the linked network will describe the
information being shared. you should consult their respective privacy policies
for information about their practices. you may elect to use information from
the linked network to populate your profile on the quora platform or to import
your contacts to help you find and connect with them on the quora platform or
to invite them to join. for information on your choices, including how to
disconnect a linked network from your quora profile, see the your choices
section below. you may also elect to connect and make and receive payments to
and from use through third-party networks (“integrated service provider”); if
you do so, you will be allowing us to pass to and receive from the integrated
service provider your login information and other user data for payment
purposes.

 ** _automatically collected information about your activity_**. we use
cookies, log files, pixel tags, local storage objects, and other tracking
technologies to automatically collect information about your activities, such
as your searches, page views, date and time of your visit, and other
information about your use of the quora platform. we also collect information
that your computer or mobile device provides to us in connection with your use
of the quora platform such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile
device, browser language, ip address, mobile carrier, unique device
identifier, location, and requested and referring urls. we also receive
information when you view content on or otherwise interact with the quora
platform, even if you have not created an account. for more information, see
the “cookies, pixels and tracking” section below and our cookie policy.

 ** _engagement_**. we collect browsing information – such as ip address and
location, date and time stamp, user agent, quora cookie id (if applicable),
url, unique advertising or content identifiers (if applicable) and time zone,
and other information about user activities on the quora platform, as well as
on third-party sites and services that have embedded our quora pixels
(“pixels”), widgets, plug-ins, buttons, or related services. see the section
below about quora ads and personalization for more detailed information about
how our pixels may be used by publishers or users of our advertising services
(“ad services”) on the quora platform to enable personalization, as well as
your choices related to advertising and personalization. we may also receive
information about you from third parties, such as other users, partners
(including ad partners), or our affiliated companies.

 **how we use your information**

we do not sell your personal information – such as your name and contact
information – to third parties to use for their own marketing purposes. quora
uses the information we collect for the following purposes:

  * provide our services. to provide you the services we offer on the quora platform and make the quora platform available to the public, communicate with you about your use of the quora platform, respond to your inquiries, provide troubleshooting, and for other customer service purposes.
  * personalization. to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you in the quora platform, to suggest followers and content, to help others find your profile, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the quora platform.
  * advertising. to display interest-based advertising to you in the quora platform, to improve our advertising and measurement systems so we can show you relevant ads, to pre-fill forms in ads, and to measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services. for more information, see the ad services section below about quora ads and personalization.
  * marketing and promotions. for marketing and promotional purposes, such as to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you, including information about third-party products and services.
  * analytics. to gather metrics to better understand how users access and use the quora platform; to evaluate and improve the quora platform, including the ad services and personalization, and to develop new products and services.
  * comply with law. to comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.
  * prevent misuse. where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our terms of service or this privacy policy.

 **how we share your information**

we share information as set forth below, and where individuals have otherwise
consented:

 ** _service providers_**. we may share your information with third-party
service providers who use this information to perform services for us, such as
payment processors, hosting providers, auditors, advisors, consultants,
customer service and support providers, as well as those who assist us in
providing the ad services.

 ** _affiliates_**. the information collected about you may be accessed by or
shared with subsidiaries and affiliates of quora, inc., whose use and
disclosure of your personal information is subject to this privacy policy.

 ** _business transfers_**. we may disclose or transfer information, including
personal information, as part of any merger, sale, and transfer of our assets,
acquisition or restructuring of all or part of our business, bankruptcy, or
similar event.

 ** _legally required_**. we may disclose your information if we are required
to do so by law.

 ** _protection of rights_**. we may disclose information where we believe it
necessary to respond to claims asserted against us or, comply with legal
process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants), enforce or administer our agreements
and terms, for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, and protect
the rights, property or safety of quora, its users, or others.

 ** _your content and public information._** your content, including your
name, profile picture, profile information, and certain associated activity
information is available to other users of the quora platform and may also be
viewed publicly. public viewing includes availability to non-registered
visitors and can occur when users share your content across other sites or
services. in addition, your content may be indexed by search engines. in some
cases, we may charge for access to your content and public information on the
quora platform. see the section below about your choices for information about
how you may change how certain information is shared or viewed by others.

 ** _metrics_**. we may share with our advertisers or publishers aggregate
statistics, metrics and other reports about the performance of their ads or
content in the quora platform such as the number of unique user views,
demographics about the users who saw their ads or content, conversion rates,
and date and time information. we do not share ip addresses or personal
information, but certain features may allow you to share your personal
information with advertisers on our platform if you choose to do so. we may
also allow our advertisers or publishers to use pixels on the quora platform
in order to collect information about the performance of their ads or content.

 ** _anonymized and aggregated data_**. we may share aggregated or de-
identified information with third parties for research, marketing, analytics
and other purposes, provided such information does not identify a particular
individual.

 ** _as directed by you_** **.** we may also share data as otherwise directed
by you (for example, to fulfill a transaction).

 **cookies, pixels and tracking**

we and our third-party providers use cookies, clear gifs/pixel tags,
javascript, local storage, log files, and other mechanisms to automatically
collect and record information about your usage and browsing activities on the
quora platform and across third-party sites or online services. we may combine
this information with other information we collect about users. below, we
provide a brief summary of these activities. for more detailed information
about these mechanisms and how we collect activity information, see our
[_cookie policy_](/about/cookies).

  *  _cookies_. these are small files with a unique identifier that are transferred to your browser through our websites. they allow us to remember users who are logged in, to understand how users navigate through and use the quora platform, and to display personalized content and targeted ads (including on third-party sites and applications).
  *  _pixels, web beacons, clear gifs_. these are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which we use to track the online movements of users of the quora platform and the web pages of users of our ad services, and to personalize content. we also use these in our emails to let us know when they have been opened or forwarded, so we can gauge the effectiveness of our communications.
  *  _analytics tools_. we may use internal and third-party analytics tools, including [_google analytics_](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en). the third-party analytics companies we work with may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online products and services. their collection and use of information is subject to their own privacy policies.

 **do-not-track signals**. please note we do not change system behavior within
the quora platform in response to browser requests not to be tracked. you may,
however, disable certain tracking by third parties as discussed in the quora
ads and personalization section below. you may also opt out of tracking by
quora pixels, as described below in quora ads and personalization.

 **quora ads and personalization**

we may display personalized content (including from third-party content
publishers) and personalized ads (including sponsored content), based on
information that we have collected via the quora platform, and through our
pixels, widgets, and buttons embedded on third-party sites. we also may report
aggregated or de-identified information about the number of users that saw a
particular ad or content and related audience engagement information to users
of our ad services and to publishers of content on the quora platform. see
quora’s [_pixel privacy terms_](/about/pixel_privacy) for more information
about how our pixels are used, and also see the your choices section below for
information about opting out of tracking by our pixels.

advertisers who use our ad services may also provide us with information as
part of their ad campaigns, including customer information (e.g., email
addresses, phone numbers, or other contact information, demographic or
interest data) in order to create custom audiences for personalizing their ad
campaigns or for measuring the effectiveness of their ads; we only use this
information to facilitate the particular advertiser’s campaign (including ad
metrics and reporting to that advertiser); and we do not disclose this
information to third parties (other than our service providers) unless
required by law. we also do not disclose to the advertisers who use our ad
services the names or contact information of their customers that were
successfully reached as part of such campaigns without those customers’
consent.

 **third-party ads on quora**

as described in our [_cookie policy_](/about/cookies) , we may also work with
third parties such as network advertisers to serve ads on the quora platform
and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking
platforms), such as google adsense (more info
[here)](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/142293?hl=en) and facebook
audience network (more info
[here](https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217)). these third parties
may use cookies, javascript, web beacons (including clear gifs), flash lsos
and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and
to personalize advertising content to you.

in addition to opting out of tracking across sites by our pixels (see your
choices section below), you also may opt out of much interest-based
advertising on third-party sites and through third-party ad networks
(including facebook audience network and google adsense). see your choices
section below for more information about opting out of third-party ad
networks.

 **how we protect your information**

the security of your information is important to us. quora has implemented
safeguards to protect the information we collect. however, no website or
internet transmission is completely secure. we urge you to take steps to keep
your personal information safe, such as choosing a strong password and keeping
it private, as well as logging out of your user account, and closing your web
browser when finished using the quora platform on a shared or unsecured
device.

 **access and amend your information**

you may update or correct your account information at any time by logging in
to your account. you may also make a number of other adjustments to settings
or the display of information about you as described in more detail in the
following section about your choices.

 **your choices**

you may, of course, decline to submit information through the quora platform,
in which case we may not be able to provide certain services to you. you may
also control the types of notifications and communications we send, limit the
information shared within the quora platform about you, and otherwise amend
certain privacy settings. here is some further information about some of your
choices:

 ** _anonymous posts_**. you may post certain content anonymously, including
questions and answers. in such event, your name is not displayed along with
the content, and quora does not associate such content with your user id and
other profile data. for further information see [_how anonymity works on
quora._](https://help.quora.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000470226-how-does-
anonymity-work-on-quora-)

 ** _your content_**. you may edit or delete the answers that you post at any
time. any questions you have posted may remain on the quora platform and be
edited by other users. any deleted content will be removed from third-party
sites from which it has been shared via quora’s standard sharing features;
however we have no control over deletions or changes to your content if it has
been shared manually by others. when you make edits to your content, other
users will be able to see the history of those edits in your profile activity
and on content edit logs.

 ** _adult content_**. in your profile’s privacy settings, you can elect
whether to receive adult content.

 ** _emails and notifications_** **.** when you join the quora platform by
signing up for an account or creating a profile, as part of the service, you
will receive email digests containing content from the quora platform that we
believe may match your interests. you may also receive notices about other
content from the quora platform that may be of interest to you, such as spaces
that you follow or that match your interests. in addition, users may be able
to send communications and invites to their imported contacts through their
quora account, by email, text, or phone. you can manage all your email and
notice preferences in your account profile settings, under your emails and
notifications settings. if you opt out of receiving emails or other
notifications about recommendations or other information we think may interest
you, we may still send you transactional emails about your account or any
services you have requested or received from us.

third parties may comment on your postings within the quora platform. in your
profile, under your privacy settings, you can adjust whether to allow people
to comment on your answers and posts. you can also adjust permissions about
who you allow to send you messages on the quora platform.

 ** _followers_**. you can block the ability of another quora user to follow
you by selecting the setting for this in the other user’s profile. you can
change whether or not you follow other users.

 ** _profile discoverability_** **.** you can adjust your settings to block
others from discovering your account by searching for your name or using your
contact information, including when another user imports their contacts from a
third-party service.

 ** _topics and spaces_** **.** you can change topics and spaces that you are
affiliated within your profile.

 ** _credentials_**. you can change your credentials that are displayed in
your profile or in connection with a specific answer.

 ** _indexed search_**. in your privacy settings, you can control whether your
profile and name is indexed by search engines. changes to privacy settings may
only apply on a going-forward basis; for example, your name (e.g., answers and
profile) that has already been indexed by search engines may remain indexed
for a period of time even after you have turned off indexing, as implementing
this change is outside of our control.

 ** _deleted or deactivated account_**. if you choose “delete account” in your
profile’s “privacy settings,” then all of your content will be removed from
public visibility on the quora platform, and it may not be restored by us,
even if you change your mind. if you choose “deactivate account,” then you
will no longer receive any communications from us, and users will not be able
to interact with you; however your content will remain on the quora platform.
once you deactivate your account, you can reactivate it any time by choosing
to log in.

 ** _pixels_**. to opt out of tracking via the quora pixels, please visit
[this page](/optout). opting out of pixels tracking may impact our ability to
personalize ads and content tailored to your interests. this setting is tied
to your cookies, and, unless you are logged in to the quora platform, will
only be effective on the browser for which you have performed the opt-out.

 ** _third-party ad networks_**

for information about and to opt out of interest-based ads from many ad
networks, go to:

  * u.s.:
    * [digital advertising alliance’s consumer choice page](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=en)
    * [network advertising initiative consumer opt-out](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#completed)
  * canada: [digital advertising alliance of canada’s opt-out tool](https://youradchoices.ca/choices/)
  * european union: [european interactive digital advertising alliance](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)

 ** _linked networks_** **.** you may connect or disconnect your linked
networks, such as google, through the account settings tab in your profile
settings, and you may access, amend and delete much of your profile
information through your profile settings. once you disconnect a linked
network, we will not receive information from that linked network going
forward unless you choose to reconnect it. you may also control whether the
linked network is visible in your profile and, if you enable contact imports,
how you message your contacts to find and connect with you on the quora
platform. please see [this page](/about/linked_networks) for more information
about linked networks and the quora platformtransferring your data

quora is headquartered in the united states, and has operations, entities and
service providers in the united states and throughout the world. as such, we
and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or access
it in, jurisdictions (including the united states) that may not provide
equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. we will take
steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of
protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.

 **children’s privacy**

we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under
the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. if we become aware
that we have collected personal information from a child under the relevant
age without parental consent, we take steps to delete that information.

 **links to other websites**

the quora platform may contain links to third-party sites or online services.
we are not responsible for the practices of such third parties, whose
information practices are subject to their own policies and procedures, not to
this privacy policy.

 **additional information for california residents**

this section provides information organized in accordance with the california
consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) for residents of california about how we handle
certain personal information we have collected over the past 12 months.

 ** _categories of personal information_**. this privacy policy discloses the
categories of personal information that we collect, use, and disclose in order
to operate our business over the past 12 months.

  *  **collect**. the section above entitled **the information we collect** discloses the categories of personal information that we collect, which include your account and profile information, your content, your communications with us, your information you provide from linked networks, information about your activity on quora, and how you engage with our quora.
  *  **use**. the section above entitled **how we use your information** discloses the that the categories of personal information we collect are used to provide our services, for personalization, to provide advertising in order to generate income to operate quora, to promote our services to you, to analyze how our services are used, to comply with law, and to prevent misuse of quora.
  *  **disclose**. the section above entitled **how we share your information** discloses that we share your personal information with, service providers, affiliates, law enforcement authorities, and as needed with third parties to provide our services.

 ** _we do not sell your personal information to third parties_**. quora may
share your personal information with third parties and third parties may
collect your personal information as described above in the how we share your
information section. in addition, as described in our [_cookie
policy_](/about/cookies) , we may also work with third parties such as network
advertisers to serve ads on the quora platform and on third-party websites or
other media (e.g., social networking platforms), such as google adsense (more
info [here)](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/142293?hl=en) and
facebook audience network (more info
[here](https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217)). these third parties
may use cookies, javascript, web beacons (including clear gifs), flash lsos
and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and
to personalize advertising content to you.

we do not collect personal information from consumers that we know are younger
than 16 years old.

 ** _requests for deletion, copy and right to know your information_**.
california consumers have the right to make the following requests, which we
endeavor to honor from non-california residents as well:

  *  **deletion**. you have the right to request deletion of personal information that we have collected about you.
  *  **copy and right to know**. you have the right to request a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including the categories of information, sources, and purposes of collection, as well as categories of third parties we have shared it with.
  *  **designated agent**. you may designate an agent to make a request on your behalf. that agent must have access to your account in order for us to verify the request.

you may submit deletion, copy and right to know requests through the online
form [here](https://quora.com/contact). you can also submit a deletion, copy
and right to know request by emailing us at
[privacy@quora.com](mailto:privacy@quora.com). you will need access to the
email account associated with your quora account in order to verify your
identity and complete this process.

 ** _non-discrimination_**. quora will not discriminate against you, including
by denying or providing a different level or quality of goods or services
should you choose to exercise your options under the ccpa.

 ** _your california privacy rights under california’s shine-the-light law_**.
california law permits users who are california residents to request and
obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to
whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct
marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the types of
personal information disclosed to those parties. if you are a california
resident and would like to request this information, please submit your
request in an email to [_privacy@quora.com_](mailto:privacy@quora.com).

 **contact us**

if you have any questions about our practices or this privacy policy, please
contact us at [_privacy@quora.com_](mailto:privacy@quora.com) , or send mail
to:

quora, inc.  
attn: privacy  
605 castro street  
mountain view, ca 94041

 **changes to our privacy policy**

if we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes
on this page. if we make any changes to this privacy policy that materially
change how we treat your personal information, we will endeavor to provide you
with reasonable notice of such changes, such as via prominent notice in the
quora platform or to your email address of record, and where required by law,
we will obtain your consent or give you the opportunity to opt out of such
changes.

[ _prior versions_](/about/privacy_archive)

