[×](javascript:;)

welcome to the

! please enjoy our special offers for you

[my benefits](/us/support/account/benefits/) [special offers](/us/shop/all-
deals/)

[samsung](/us/)

[ cart number of products : 0 ](/us/checkout/) [ search
](javascript:void\(0\)) [ open the menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ galaxy 5g ](/us/mobile/5g/)

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * mobile

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * tv & audio

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * home appliances

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * smart home

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * computing

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * offers

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * explore

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * support

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ business ](https://www.samsung.com/us/business/)

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ sign in ](javascript:void\(0\))

    * [sign in / create account](/us/support/account/)
    * [why create an account?](/us/samsung-account-benefits/)
    * [track your orders](/us/web/search-orders)

  * [my menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

****

    * [my account](/us/support/account/)
    * [wishlist](/us/account/wishlist/)
    * [my orders](/us/web/my-orders)
    * [my products](/us/support/account/products/)
    * [friends and family](/us/shop/friendsandfamily/mgmt/)
    * [log out](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ cart number of products : 1 ](/us/checkout/)
  * [ open search layer ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [sign in / create account](/us/support/account/)
  * [why create an account?](/us/samsung-account-benefits/)
  * [track your orders](/us/web/search-orders)

****

  * [my account](/us/support/account/)
  * [wishlist](/us/account/wishlist/)
  * [my orders](/us/web/my-orders)
  * [my products](/us/support/account/products/)
  * [friends and family](/us/shop/friendsandfamily/mgmt/)
  * [log out](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

your cart is empty.

ok

layer popup close

sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.

ok

layer popup close

## remove a product

without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed.  
are you sure to remove this product?

move to wish list

delete

layer popup close

## privacy policy

i have read and agree to the samsung.com

[privacy policy](/sg/info/privacy.html "open in a new window")

tick this box to proceed to samsung.com.

by ticking this box, i accept samsung service updates, including :

samsung.com services and marketing information, new product and service
announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.

proceed to samsung.com

leave page

close privacy policy

## check preferences

help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.

yes

later

close check preferences

## what are you looking for?

search form

close search samsung.com cancel search

suggested searches

no suggestions

search history

clear all

related searches

matched contents

galaxy note galaxy z flip galaxy s the frame qled 8k galaxy a

cancel

choose your location or language

see more close

this site uses cookies to enhance your web site experience. by continuing to
browse or use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. see our [
privacy policy here](/us/account/privacy-policy/).

close

close close

want to get hands-on with latest galaxy device?

come meet a samsung representative for your s10 purchase

a samsung representative at best buy will call to schedule your galaxy s10 try
out.  
please share your zip code to find a nearby best buy to try out your next
phone.

a samsung representative at best buy can set up a personal demonstration for
your next galaxy device.  
please share your zip code to find a nearby best buy location

![sales rep]()

, our samsung representative, wants to know about you so they can assist you
better.

, our samsung representative at best buy, want to know about you to set up a
personal demonstration on your next galaxy device.

[no, thanks](javascript:void\(\);) [no, thanks](javascript:void\(\);)

i agree to receive information and special deals from samsung.

connect with expert request demo

by submitting this form you acknowledge you have read the privacy policy
privacy policy  and consent to receiving calls/texts from samsung
representative. message and data rates may apply.

![thankyou-mark](//image-us.samsung.com/samsungus/home/lead-gen/thankyou-
mark.png)

we will see you soon!

![sales rep]()

, our samsung representative will be in touch with you.  

buy the samsung galaxy note10/note10+ and get 6 months of spotify premium for
free.

**_samsung privacy policy for the u.s._**

**last updated: january 1, 2021**

samsung electronics co., ltd., along with our affiliates and subsidiaries,
(collectively, “samsung”) knows how important privacy is to our customers.
this privacy policy describes the personal information we may obtain online
across all of our internet-connected samsung devices and services (from mobile
phones and tablets to tvs, home appliances, online services, and more)
(collectively, our “services”), and how we may use and disclose that
information. we also explain the choices available to you regarding our use of
the information, the steps we take to safeguard the information and how you
how may ** contact us  ** if you have any questions about our privacy
practices.

in addition to this privacy policy, we provide additional information about
our privacy practices related to particular services where appropriate. you
can review such information before enabling such services.

click on the links below to learn more:

  * _ information we obtain  _
  * _ how we use the information we obtain  _
  * _ information sharing  _
  * _ links to other websites, devices, apps and features  _
  * _ your choices  _
  * _ notice to california residents  _
  * _ how we protect personal information  _
  * _ children’s personal information  _
  * _ updates to this u.s. privacy policy  _
  * _ how to contact us  _

**__**

**_information we obtain_**

__

_information you provide to us_

when you purchase a samsung product, create a samsung account or register for
or use a service, you may provide us with personal information such as:

  * • contact information, such as name, email address, postal address and phone number;
  * • payment card information (including name, card number, expiration date and security code);
  * • user coupon or gift card number;
  * • date of birth;
  * • gender;
  * • information stored in or associated with your samsung account (including your samsung account profile, id, username and password);
  * • username and password for participating third-party devices, apps, features or services;
  * • information you store on your device, such as photos, contacts, text logs, touch interactions, settings and calendar information;
  * • recordings of your voice when you use voice commands to control a service or contact our customer service team; and
  * • location data, including (1) the precise geolocation of your device if you consent to the collection of this data and (2) information about nearby wi-fi access points and cell towers that may be transmitted to us when you use certain services.

we may obtain certain information about you from publicly or commercially-
available sources and from third parties who perform services for us. we also
may obtain other information about you, your devices and your use of the
services, in ways we describe at the time we collect the information or
otherwise with your consent.

__

_information we collect automatically_

our services collect some data automatically when you use the services. we may
obtain information by automated means such as through browser cookies, pixels,
web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. among other purposes,
these technologies help us (1) remember your information so you will not have
to re-enter it, (2) track and understand how you use and interact with the
services, (3) tailor the services around your preferences, (4) manage and
measure the usability of the services, (5) understand the effectiveness of our
communications, and (6) otherwise enhance the services. ****

information we may collect automatically includes information about:

· your device, including mac address, ip address, log information, device
model, hardware model, imei number, serial number, subscription information,
device settings, connections to other devices, mobile network operator, web
browser characteristics, app usage information, sales code, access code,
current software version, mnc, subscription information and randomized, non-
persistent and resettable device identifiers, such as personalized service id
(or psid), and advertising ids, including google ad id;

· your use of the services, including clickstream data, your interactions with
the services (such as the web pages you visit, search terms, and the apps and
features you use), the pages that led or referred you to the services, dates
and times of use of the services; and

· your use of third-party websites, apps and features that are connected to
certain services.

your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of
cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. you can find
out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your
browser’s menu or visiting
_[www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org)_. for mobile
devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data
by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device. the services
are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
**** please note that without cookies you may not be able to use or benefit
from all of the features of our services.

**__**

**_third-party web analytics services_** ****

through certain services, we may collect personal information about your
online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across
third-party websites, devices, apps and other online features and services. we
may use third-party analytics services on the services, such as google
analytics and firebase analytics. the information we obtain may be disclosed
to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties
who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the services or help
administer the services. **** to learn more about google analytics, please
visit _[
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners)_.
to learn more about firebase analytics, please visit [
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics).

**__**

**_online tracking and interest-based advertising_**

through certain of the services, both we and various third parties may collect
information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about
products and services tailored to your individual interests.

__

_samsung ads_

our samsung ads service is designed to serve advertisements that are
customized to users’ interests on samsung and third-party devices, websites
and apps. samsung ads may deliver customized ads based on your demographic
characteristics, preferences, choices and interests by collecting certain
information about your online activities as specified in this privacy policy.
please see the samsung ads privacy notice _[
https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-
policy/samsungads](https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-
policy/samsungads)_ for more information, including information on how to opt
out of receiving customized ads from samsung ads.

__

_ad networks_

because samsung participates in various advertising networks, you may also see
our ads on other websites or mobile apps. ad networks allow us to target our
messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred interests and
browsing context. these networks can track users’ online activities over time
by collecting information through automated means, including through the use
of browser cookies, web beacons, pixels, device identifiers, server logs and
other similar technologies. the networks use this information to show ads that
may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track users’ browsers or devices
across multiple websites and apps, and to build a profile of users’ online
browsing and app usage activities. the information our ad networks may collect
includes data about users’ visits to websites and apps that participate in the
relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on
the websites or apps. this data collection takes place both on certain
services and on third-party websites and apps that participate in the ad
networks. this process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing
efforts.

to learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the u.s.,
please visit _[www.aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices)_
and _[
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices)_.

**__**

**_how we use the information we obtain_**

we may use the personal information we obtain to:

  * • provide and enhance our services, such as registering you or your device for a service, identifying and authenticating you so you may use and interact with third-party services, and improving and customizing your experience within the services;
  * • communicate with you;
  * • provide customer support;
  * • operate, evaluate and improve our business, including developing new products and services, managing our communications, analyzing our services and customer base, conducting market research, aggregating and anonymizing data, performing data analytics, and undertaking accounting, auditing and other internal functions;
  * • protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; and
  * • comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including this privacy policy and the applicable terms of use for a service **.**

we may combine information we obtain about you for the purposes described
above. we also may use the information we obtain in other ways for which we
provide specific notice at the time of collection or otherwise with your
consent.

**__**

**_information sharing_**

we may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates
and with service providers who perform services for us. we do not authorize
our service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary
to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. in
addition, we may share your personal information with our business partners,
such as wireless carriers, as well as third parties who operate apps and
services that connect with certain of the services. ****

we may share personal information we collect through the services if you ask
us to do so or otherwise with your consent. we also may disclose information
about you in other circumstances, including:

  * • to law enforcement authorities, government or public agencies or officials, regulators, and/or any other person or entity with appropriate legal authority or justification for receipt of such information, if required or permitted to do so by law or legal process;
  * • when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity; or
  * • in the event we may or do sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation). ****

**__**

**_links to other websites, devices, apps and features_**

the services may provide the ability to connect to other websites, devices,
apps and other features, which may operate independently from us and may have
their own privacy notices or policies. we strongly suggest you review them. to
the extent any linked website, device, app or other feature is not owned or
controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, use or privacy
practices.

**__**

**_your choices_**

we offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we
obtain about you.

to update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us, or
submit a request, please contact us as specified in the **_ how to contact us_
** section below.

  
the services may offer choices related to the collection, deletion and sharing
of certain information and communications about products, services and
promotions that are unique to specific services. **** you can access the
relevant settings of each service to learn about choices that may be available
for that service. if you decline to allow the services to collect, store or
share certain information, you may not be able to enjoy full use of all of the
features available through the services.

**__**

**_notice to california residents_**

if you are a california consumer, for more information about your privacy
rights, please see the section of this privacy policy called **_ california
consumer privacy statement_ ** section below.

**__**

**_how we protect personal information_**

we maintain safeguards designed to protect personal information we obtain
through the services.

**__**

**_children’s personal information_**

unless otherwise specified, the services are designed for a general audience
and are not directed to children. in connection with the services, we do not
knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age
of 13 without parental consent. if we learn that we have collected personal
information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will either
seek parental consent or promptly delete that information. if you believe that
a child under age 13 may have provided us with personal information without
parental consent, please contact us as specified in the **_ how to contact
us_** section of this privacy policy.

**__**

**_updates to this privacy policy_**

we may update this privacy policy from time to time and without prior notice
to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect
to the services. we will indicate at the top of the policy when it was most
recently updated.

**_how to contact us_**

you can contact us to update your preferences, update or correct your
information, submit a request or ask us questions at:

privacy office  
samsung electronics america, inc.  
85 challenger road  
ridgefield park, nj 07660  
_[ naprivacy@sea.samsung.com ](mailto:naprivacy@sea.samsung.com) _

****

**california consumer privacy statement – supplement**

****

**last updated: january 1, 2021**

this california consumer privacy statement supplements the _ samsung privacy
policy_ for the u.s. it applies solely to california consumers and addresses
personal information we collect online and offline. this statement does not
apply to samsung personnel or job applicants.

this california consumer privacy statement uses certain terms that have the
meaning given to them in the california consumer privacy act of 2018 and its
implementing regulations (the “ccpa”).

**__**

**_notice to california residents_**

1\. **_notice of collection and use of personal information_ **

we may collect the following categories of personal information about you:

  * **identifiers** : identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers 
  * **additional data subject to cal. civ. code § 1798.80** : signature, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information 
  * **protected classifications** : characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law, such as age and sex 
  * **commercial information** : commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies 
  * **biometric information**
  * **online activity** : internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements 
  * **geolocation data**
  * **sensory information** : audio, electronic, visual, and similar information 
  * **inferences** : inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes. 

we may use the categories of personal information listed above for certain
business or commercial purposes, as described in this list:

  * • performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;
  * • auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
  * • short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;
  * • detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
  * • debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
  * • undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and
  * • undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.

2\. **_prior collection, use and disclosure of personal information_ **

we may have collected and used your personal information, as described in
section 1 above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of
this california consumer privacy statement. for the personal information
collected during that timeframe, we describe below: (a) the categories of
sources from which we may have obtained the personal information, (b) the
categories of third parties with whom we may have shared the information, (c)
the categories of personal information we may have sold, and (d) the
categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business
purpose.

a. **_sources of personal information_**

we may have obtained personal information about you from various sources,
including:

  * • from you or your devices, for example, through your use of the services; 
  * • our affiliates and subsidiaries;
  * • vendors who provide services on our behalf;
  * • social media networks; and
  * • online advertising companies.

b. **_sharing of personal information_**

we may have shared your personal information with certain categories of
vendors, including:

  * • our affiliates and subsidiaries;
  * • vendors who provide services on our behalf;
  * • professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms;
  * • our joint marketing partners;
  * • our business partners;
  * • advertising networks;
  * • internet service providers;
  * • data analytics providers;
  * • government entities;
  * • operating systems and platforms;
  * • social networks; and
  * • consumer data resellers.

c. **_sale of personal information_**

we may allow certain third parties (such as advertising partners) to collect
your personal information. you have the right to opt out of this disclosure of
your information, as detailed below.

during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this california
consumer privacy statement, we may have sold the following categories of
personal information:

  * • identifiers such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, and internet protocol address
  *   * • commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
  *   * • internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
  *   * • inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
  * 

d. **_disclosure of personal information for a business purpose_ **

we may have disclosed to vendors the following categories of personal
information for a business purpose:

  * • identifiers such as a real name, postal address, telephone number, unique
personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel
tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number; other
forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet
protocol address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers

  * • signature, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number and other financial information
  * • characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law, such as age and sex
  * • commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
  * • internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
  * • geolocation data
  * • audio, electronic, visual and similar information
  * • inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.

3\. **_california consumer privacy rights_**

you have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal
information, as described below.

**access** : you may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period,
that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used,
disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.

****

**deletion** : you have the right to request that we delete certain personal
information we have collected from you.

****

**opt-out of sale** : you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your
personal information.

****

**shine the light request** : you also may have the right to request that we
provide you with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we
have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the
immediately preceding calendar year and (2) the identity of those third
parties.

****

**how to submit a request** : to submit an access or deletion request, click
_[ here to submit a request](https://www.samsung.com/us/privacy/ccpa)_ or call
us at 1-800-samsung (1-800-726-7864). to submit a shine the light request,
email us at naprivacy@sea.samsung.com. to opt-out of the sale of your personal
information, click _[ here to submit a
request](https://www.samsung.com/us/privacy/ccpa)_ or call us at 1-800-samsung
(1-800-726-7864).

****

**verifying requests** : to help protect your privacy and maintain security,
we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your
personal information or complying with your request. if you have a samsung.com
account, we will verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your
account. if you do not have a samsung.com account, or an email address on file
with us, then there is no reasonable method by which we can verify your
identity to the level of certainty required by the ccpa. this is because
historically samsung has not linked device identifiers or advertising ids to
named actual persons. accordingly, if you do not have an account with us, or
an email address on file, and you request access to or deletion of your
personal information, we will not be able to process your request at this
time.

****

**additional information** : if you choose to exercise any of your rights
under the ccpa, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by
us. to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee
to comply with your request. this statement is available in alternative
formats upon request. please go the accessibility page of samsung’s website at
[ www.samsung.com/us/accessibility ](http://www.samsung.com/us/accessibility)
to see a copy of this statement in an alternative format.

****

**samsung privacy policy – smart tv supplement**

samsung’s smart tv service offers a set of features that provide enhanced
video content, customized tv experiences, movies, connections to social
networking services, and the ability to control and interact with your smart
tv with voice commands. we collect, use, share, and store information through
your smart tv and the devices connected with your smart tv in the ways
described in the samsung privacy policy. this supplement provides additional
details about the privacy practices of some smart tv features.

the smart tv is designed to enable you to easily find and access video
programming and other content. for example, you may access information about
live television programs distributed to you by your cable or satellite
operator and on-demand video content offerings distributed by third party
content providers through searchable guides displayed on your smart tv.

in the case of live television programs, we determine what content is
available to you based in part on your postcode. in addition, the smart tv
helps you find and experience other smart tv content more relevant to you by
highlighting programming and content that is likely to interest you or
providing additional services that will enhance your viewing experience. we
base these recommendations and additional services on:

  * • information about content that you have watched, purchased, downloaded, or streamed through samsung applications on your smart tv or other devices (about the tv viewing information please see ‘ _viewing information services_ ’ section below);
  * • information about applications you have accessed through the smart tv;
  * • information about your clicks on the “like”, “dislike”, “watch now”, and other buttons on your smart tv;
  * • the query terms you enter into smart tv search features, including when you search for particular video content;
  * • other smart tv usage and device information, including, but not limited to, ip address, log data, information that identifies your hardware or software configuration, browser information, and the page(s) you request.

__

_viewing information services_

this privacy notice should be read in conjunction with the samsung privacy
policy, which also applies to your receipt of customized smart tv experiences
and can be found at _[ https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-
policy](https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy)_.

in order to provide you with customized smart tv experiences, some of our
feature and services will rely on your tv viewing history and smart tv usage
information.

your tv viewing history includes information about the networks, channels,
websites visited and programs viewed on your smart tv and the amount of time
spent viewing them. we may use automatic content recognition (acr) and other
technologies to capture this information. your smart tv transfers video
snippets or tv tuner information in order to determine the programs watched.

you may change your privacy choice at any time by going to the settings menu
to disable the particular feature or service at your sole discretion, in which
case your tv viewing history will cease to be collected for that particular
feature or service.

bear in mind that your privacy choice may affect the availability or quality
of the specific viewing information based service.

__

_interest-based advertisement services_

the interest-based advertisement services (the “iba services”) is designed to
provide the ability to obtain and view useful, interactive, and interest based
advertisements about products and services offered by samsung and third
parties on your samsung smart tv or across various samsung and third party
platforms or devices, including linear commercials, on the web, mobile
devices, and tablets.

in order to make the advertising on your devices more relevant to you, the iba
service will rely on your tv viewing history (including information about the
networks, channels, websites visited, and programs viewed on your samsung
smart tv and the amount of time spent viewing them), samsung smart tv usage
information, and other statistical data obtained from trusted third party data
sources. we may use automatic content recognition (acr) and other technologies
to capture your tv viewing history.

based on the information above we create groups of samsung smart tv owners who
share similar interests and use these groups for the iba service. the
information above is used to determine the groups to which your samsung smart
tv is assigned and thus, which advertisements your devices receive.

you may disable the iba service at any time by visiting the settings menu on
your samsung smart tv.

please note that your privacy choice with respect to the iba service will not
affect whether or not you receive or are served with other types of ads and
marketing that are not specifically based on tv viewing history or samsung
smart tv usage information. those other types of ads and marketing will be
based on other information such as generalized location and other estimated or
inferred information. they might be less relevant because they are not based
on your interests.

for more detailed information about the iba services, please refer to the iba
services privacy notice at the bottom of this supplement.

__

_psid_

your smart tv viewing history and usage information collected for the purposes
of providing interest based advertisements will be linked to a randomized,
non-persistent, and resettable device identifier called the personalized
service id or “psid”.

you may reset your psid at any time by visiting the settings menu on your
smart tv and, once reset, your smart tv viewing history and smart tv usage
information with respect to interest based advertisements will be de-linked
from its previous psid. bear in mind that if you reset your psid, the quality
of customized and interest based advertisements may not be fine-tuned.

__

_voice recognition_

you can control your smart tv, and use many of its features, with voice
commands.

if you enable voice recognition, you can interact with your smart tv using
your voice. to provide the voice recognition feature, your voice commands will
be transmitted (along with information about your device, including device
identifiers) to us and we will convert your voice commands into text to
provide the voice recognition features. in addition, samsung may collect voice
commands and associated texts so that we can evaluate and improve the
features. samsung will collect your voice commands when you make a specific
request to the smart tv by clicking the activation button either on the remote
control or on your screen or by speaking a wake word (e.g. “hi, bixby”) and
speaking into the microphone on the remote control or smart tv.

if you do not enable voice recognition, you will not be able to use the voice
recognition features.

you may disable voice recognition data collection at any time by visiting the
settings menu. however, this would prevent you from using the voice
recognition features.

for more detailed information about the voice recognition, please refer to the
voice recognition privacy notice at the bottom of this supplement.

__

_third parties_

please note that when you watch a video or access applications or content
provided by a third party, that provider may collect or receive information
about your smart tv (e.g. its ip address and device identifiers), the
requested transaction (e.g. your request to buy or rent the video), and your
use of the application or service. samsung is not responsible for these
providers’ privacy or security practices. you should exercise caution and
review the privacy statements applicable to the third party websites and
services you use.

__

_data transfers_

we may transfer the personal information we collect about you to recipients in
locations other than the location in which the information originally was
collected. those locations may not have the same data protection laws as the
location in which you initially provided the information. when we transfer
your personal information to recipients in other locations (such as the u.s.),
we will protect that information as described in this privacy policy and will
comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for
the transfer of personal information to recipients in locations other than the
one in which you provided the information, including by way of an agreement
which covers the requirements of the relevant data protection authority, for
example, by implementing appropriate safeguards based on the european
commission’s standard contractual clauses, where applicable. subject to
applicable law, you may obtain a copy of these safeguards by contacting us as
indicated in this privacy policy.

samsung electronics america, inc. and its subsidiary samsung research america,
inc. are certified under the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks
developed by the u.s. department of commerce, and the european commission and
swiss federal data protection and information commissioner, respectively, with
respect to the transfer of certain personal information collected in
connection with the use of samsung smart tvs. _[click
here](https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/privacy-shield)_ to
view our eu/swiss-u.s. privacy shield privacy policy. as of july 16, 2020, we
no longer rely on the eu-u.s. or swiss-u.s. privacy shield to transfer
personal information from the eea, uk or switzerland to the united states.

__

_location-specific features_

please note that one or more of the features described in this smart tv
supplement may not be available to you depending on where you live.

****

**voice recognition service privacy notice**

effective date: april 30, 2019

samsung electronics co. ltd. and its affiliates (“ **samsung** ” or “ **we**
”) respect your concerns about privacy. this privacy notice applies to the
personal information we collect through the voice recognition service (the
“voice service”).

the voice service is a service that provides capabilities for users to find
and watch content and manage their world across the samsung products using
only their voice. its features include [the natural language processing in
content search and their samsung smart tv control; internet, weather and other
services users have come to expect from their samsung smart tvs.

depending on the language you select, you may use and enjoy the enhanced voice
recognition feature, bixby. when bixby is activated you may acknowledge it by
the icons, banners or other marks on your samsung smart tv screen.

this privacy notice provides further, specific information about how your
personal data is used in connection with the voice service, and should be read
in conjunction with the samsung privacy policy, which also applies to your
receipt of the voice service and can be found at _[
https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-
policy](https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy)_.

in this privacy notice, we describe the types of information collected through
the voice service, how we may use the information, how long we may keep the
information, with whom we may share it and the choices available to you
regarding our use of the information and exercising your rights. we also
describe the measures we take to safeguard the information and tell you how to
contact us about our privacy practices.

**__**

**_information we obtain_**

through the voice service, we may obtain information about you in various
ways. the types of personal information we obtain include:

  * _samsung account information (optional)_. when you log in to samsung account in your smart tv, we may collect information associated with your samsung account used to access the voice service, such as your name, email address, and samsung account id. 
  * _the voice service interactions_. we may collect information you exchange with the voice service through your interactions with the services, including recordings of your voice commands (such as your questions, requests and instructions), your pictures, and other inputs, and the information you receive from the services (such as responses, answers and content). we also may obtain other information related to your use of the voice service, including the information (such as information related to the apps you use, the websites you visit and pictures, music, calendar entries, bookmarks, and content and data from other samsung and third-party apps, websites and services) we receive from samsung and third-party apps and services that are accessed or used by the voice service to provide you with the services (such as music streaming and weather). 
  * _geolocation data_. we may receive your device’s geolocation and other information related to your location through zip-code information stored in tv which can be obtained through your ip address or through your input for certain purposes, such as to provide you with the services. 
  * _device and app information_. we may collect information through automated means about your voice service-enabled devices, such as device models, os versions, device configurations and settings, ip addresses, and device identifiers and other unique identifiers. in addition, we may obtain information about how, when and for how long you use your voice service-enabled devices, including your usage of the voice service and samsung and third-party apps and services on the devices (such as a listing of apps on your devices, music played on your devices, the websites you visit and the searches you make). 

**__**

**_how we use the information we obtain_**

we may use the information we obtain through the voice service to:

  * • provide you with the services, such as to respond to your requests, questions and instructions made through the voice service;
  * • identify and authenticate you so you may use certain voice service;
  * • improve and customize your experience with the voice service, such as delivering content and responses tailored to our users and the manner in which they interact with the voice service;
  * • with your separate consent, communicate with you about our products and services, and provide you with notifications, content, alerts, offers, promotions, marketing information, communications and advertisements;
  * • respond to your requests and inquiries;
  * • operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products; enhancing and improving our products and the services; managing our communications; analyzing our products, customer base and the services; conducting market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
  * • allow you to interact with and use certain third-party apps and services;
  * • protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; and
  * • comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including this privacy notice, the samsung account privacy policy **.**

through the voice service, we may collect personal information about your
online activities on the voice service-enabled devices over time and across
third-party apps, websites and other online services. we may use third-party
analytics services on our services. the providers that administer these
analytics services help us analyze your use of the services and improve our
services. the information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly
by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information,
for example, to evaluate use of the services, help provide the services, and
diagnose technical issues.

samsung processes personal data for the purposes described above. samsung’s
legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary
for the performance of the contract between you and samsung (for example, to
provide you with the services and to identify and authenticate you so you may
use certain services); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for
example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory
disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for samsung’s legitimate interests
(for example, to manage our relationship with you and to improve the
services), **and** **based on consent by our customers (for example, to
communicate with you about our products and services and provide you with
marketing information), which may subsequently be withdrawn at any time by
contacting us** **as specified in the** **_ how to contact us_ ** **section of
this privacy notice without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on
consent before its withdrawal.**

you are required, as a necessity to enter into a contract, to provide us with
personal data for processing as described above. if you do not provide us with
personal data, we will not be able to provide you all of the features
available through the voice service.

**__**

**_information sharing_**

we do not disclose personal information about you through the services, except
as described in this privacy notice. limited members of the voice service team
in samsung may access and other wise process personal data in connection with
their job responsibilities or contractual obligations. we may share your
personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates and with service
providers who perform services for us. we do not authorize our service
providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform
services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.

when you use the voice service to access or interact with third-party apps and
services, we may send certain personal information to the providers of such
third-party apps and services to provide you with the services you request.
examples of this information may include the voice commands you make to
operate these apps and services, your geolocation and other location data, and
other data that helps facilitate the services you request. these third parties
also may collect certain personal information directly from your devices
through the voice service. samsung is not responsible for these third-party
providers’ privacy or security practices. the privacy and security practices
of the relevant providers, including details on the information they receive
from us or collect about you, are subject to the privacy statements of these
parties, which we strongly suggest you review.

samsung, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our third-party service
providers also may disclose information about you (1) if we are required to do
so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in
response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement
authorities; (3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when
we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other
harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected
or actual illegal activity; (6) in the event we sell or transfer all or a
portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger,
acquisition, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation); or (7) otherwise
with your consent.

**__**

**_retention of personal data_**

personal data will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for
the purposes set out above, considering criteria such as applicable rules on
statute of limitations and at least the duration of your use of the voice
service.

**__**

**_your choices_**

you may disable the voice service at any time by visiting the settings menu,
however this may prevent you from using the voice service.

**__**

**_how we protect personal information_**

we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to
protect personal information we obtain through the services against
accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, interference, loss,
alteration, access, disclosure or use. samsung also maintains reasonable
procedures to help ensure that such data is reliable for its intended use and
is accurate, complete and current.

**__**

**_updates to our privacy notice_**

this privacy notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our
personal information practices with respect to the services, or changes in the
applicable law. we will post a notice on our website and/or your device to
notify you of significant changes to our privacy notice and indicate at the
top of the notice when it was most recently updated.

**_how to contact us_ **

to ask us questions about this privacy notice, please contact us at:

privacy office  
samsung electronics america, inc.  
85 challenger road  
ridgefield park, nj 07660  
**_[ naprivacy@sea.samsung.com ](mailto:naprivacy@sea.samsung.com) _ **

****

**interest-based advertisements service privacy notice**

effective date: april 30, 2019

samsung electronics co. ltd. and our affiliates (“samsung” or “we”) and its
affiliated companies respect your concerns about privacy. this privacy notice
applies to the personal information we collect through the interest-based
advertisement services (the “iba service”).

this privacy notice provides further, specific information about how your
personal information is used in connection with the iba service, and should be
read in conjunction with the samsung privacy policy, which also applies to the
information collected by the iba service, and can be found at _[
https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-
policy](https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy)_.

in this privacy notice, we describe the types of information used to provide
the iba service, how we use the information, with whom we share the
information, and the choices available to you regarding our use of the
information. we also describe the measures we take to safeguard your personal
information and tell you how to contact us about our privacy practices.

**__**

**_what is the iba service?_**

the iba service is designed to provide you with useful, interactive, and
interest-based advertisements about products and services offered by samsung
and third parties on your samsung smart tv and across various samsung and
third-party platforms and devices, including linear commercials, on the web,
mobile apps, smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices.

if you have enabled both viewing information services and the iba service on
your samsung smart tv, the iba service will collect information about your tv
viewing history (including information about the networks, channels, websites
visited and programs viewed on your samsung smart tv and the amount of time
spent viewing them) and samsung smart tv usage information (such as how long
and often you use the apps on your smart tv). we may use automatic content
recognition (acr) and other technologies to capture your tv viewing history.
we also may obtain other behavioral and demographic data from trusted third-
party data sources. we use this information to create groups of people, called
audience segments, who share similar interests. through the iba service, we
use these groups to provide relevant ads that may be of interest to these
audience segments.

__

_psid and advertising id_

the iba service provides ads using unique, randomized, non-persistent, and
resettable device identifiers, known as “psid” on samsung smart tvs and
“advertising id” on samsung mobile devices.

**__**

**_information we obtain_**

through the iba service, we may obtain information about your samsung smart tv
and other devices (e.g., smartphone, tablet), including:

    * • _device information_ , such as your device model, operating system version, ip address, psid, advertising id, device configurations and settings, and other device identifiers; 
    * • _device usage and log information_ about how, when and for how long you use your devices, including your interactions with the iba service and samsung and third-party apps and services on the devices; 
    * • _samsung smart tv viewing history_ , including information about the networks, channels, websites visited, and programs viewed on your samsung smart tv and the amount of time spent viewing them. we obtain this information only if you have enabled viewing information services on your samsung smart tv; 
    * • _behavioral and demographic information_ about you and your devices, such as your generalized location and estimated age group. we may obtain this information from commercially-available sources (as permitted by law), such as our third-party service providers. 

we also may collect other information about you, your devices and apps in ways
that we describe to you at the time of collection or otherwise with your
consent.

**__**

**_how we use the information we obtain_**

we may use the information we obtain through the iba service to:

    * • provide you with the iba service on your smart tv and across your devices;
    * • improve and customize your experience with the iba service;
    * • with your separate consent, to communicate with you via email and push notification about products and services offered by samsung and third parties that are tailored to your interests;
    * • respond to your requests and enquiries;
    * • operate, evaluate, and improve our business (including developing new products; enhancing and improving our products and the services; managing our communications; analyzing our products, customer base and services; conducting market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
    * • protect against, identify, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims, and other liabilities; and
    * • comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, and our policies, including this privacy notice and the samsung privacy policy.

we may combine information about your online activities over time and across
other samsung and third-party devices, apps, websites and online services. we
also may use the information we obtain in other ways for which we provide
specific notice at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent.

if you do not provide us with certain personal information, we may not be able
to provide you with all of the features available through the iba service.

**__**

**_information sharing and data transfers_**

we do not share personal information collected about you through the iba
service except as described in this privacy notice and the samsung privacy
policy. we may share your personal information with our subsidiaries,
affiliates, service providers and business partners for the purpose of
providing the iba service. we do not authorize our service providers to use or
disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf
and to comply with legal requirements.

samsung, our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our third-party service
providers may also disclose information about you (1) if we are required to do
so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in
response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement
authorities; (3) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights; (4) when
we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other
harm; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal
activity; (6) in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our
business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition,
reorganization, dissolution or liquidation); or (7) otherwise with your
consent.

samsung electronics america, inc. and its subsidiary samsung research america,
inc. are certified under the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks
developed by the u.s. department of commerce, and the european commission and
swiss federal data protection and information commissioner, respectively, with
respect to the transfer of certain personal information collected in
connection with the use of samsung smart tvs. _[click
here](https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/privacy-shield/)_ to
view our eu/swiss-u.s. privacy shield privacy policy. as of july 16, 2020, we
no longer rely on the eu-u.s. or swiss-u.s. privacy shield to transfer
personal information from the eea, uk or switzerland to the united states.

**__**

**_your choices_**

we offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we
obtain about you through the iba service. you can opt out of receiving
interest-based ads from the iba service on your samsung smart tv at any time
through your smart tv settings menu, at **menu > support > terms & policy** or
**menu > smart hub > terms & policy**.

you can reset your psid by selecting “ **reset psid** ” on the settings menu
of your samsung smart tv. if you reset the psid on your samsung smart tv, any
data collected and associated with your previous psid will no longer be used
to deliver interest-based ads to you. please note that if you reset your psid,
it may take some time for our systems to update your information due to
technical reasons. please also note that resetting your psid will not stop the
delivery of interest-based ads to you. to opt out of receiving interest-based
ads on your samsung smart tv, please adjust the settings on your device, as
described above. for information about how you may exercise choice over the
interest-based ads we may serve to you on your other samsung devices, please
visit _[ https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-
policy/samsungads](https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-
policy/samsungads)_.

if you opt out of the iba service, the iba service will no longer deliver
interest-based ads. please note, however, that opting out of the iba service
may not prevent the delivery of generic advertisements to your smart tv or
other devices. you may also receive interest-based ads from other samsung
devices, apps or services. please visit the settings menu on the applicable
samsung device, app or service for information on how to opt out of such ads.

**__**

**_how we protect personal information_**

we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
designed to protect the personal information we obtain through the iba service
against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, interference, loss,
alteration, access, disclosure, or use.

**__**

**_updates to our privacy notice_**

this privacy notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our
personal information practices with respect to the iba service, or changes in
applicable law. we will indicate at the top of this privacy notice when it was
most recently updated.

**__**

**_how to contact us_**

to ask us questions about this privacy notice, please contact us by sending an
email to _[ naprivacy@sea.samsung.com](mailto:naprivacy@sea.samsung.com)_.  
  
  
  
  

**shop** [ open ](javascript:void\(0\);)

    * [phones](/us/smartphones/ "phones")
    * [tablets](/us/tablets/ "tablets")
    * [watches](/us/watches/ "watches")
    * [mobile accessories](/us/mobile/mobile-accessories/ "mobile accessories")
    * [mobile audio](/us/mobile-audio/ "mobile audio")
    * [tv & home theater](/us/tvs/ "tv & home theater")
    * [computing](/us/computing/ "computing")
    * [monitors](/us/monitors/ "monitors")
    * [memory & storage](/us/memory-storage/ "memory & storage")
    * [home appliances](/us/home-appliances/ "home appliances")
    * [smart home](/us/smart-home/ "smart home")
    * [samsung experience store](/us/samsung-experience-store/ "samsung experience store")
    * [apps & services](/us/apps/ "apps & services")
    * [ shop refurbished  ](//www.samsung.com/us/mobile/phones/all-phones/?condition=certified+pre-owned "open in a new window : shop refurbished")
    * [samsung authorized reseller program](/us/peaceofmind/ "samsung authorized reseller program")
    * [business](/us/business/ "business")

**support** [ open ](javascript:void\(0\);)

    * [contact us](/us/support/contact/ "contact us")
    * [product support](/us/support/ "product support")
    * [order support](/us/support/order-help/ "order support")
    * [your account](/us/support/account/ "your account")
    * [register your product](/us/support/register/ "register your product")
    * [samsung community](https://us.community.samsung.com/ "samsung community")
    * [accessibility](/us/accessibility/ "accessibility")
    * [note7 recall](https://pages.samsung.com/us/note7/recall/index.jsp "note7 recall")

**offers** [ open ](javascript:void\(0\);)

    * [offers](/us/shop/all-deals/ "offers")
    * [samsung rewards](/us/rewards/ "samsung rewards")
    * [student & educator discounts](/us/shop/discount-program/education/ "student & educator discounts")
    * [government discounts](/us/shop/discount-program/government/ "government discounts")
    * [military discounts](/us/shop/discount-program/military/ "military discounts")
    * [employee discounts](/us/shop/discount-program/workplace/ "employee discounts")
    * [first responders discounts](/us/shop/discount-program/first-responders/ "first responders discounts")
    * [small business discounts](/us/shop/all-deals/small-business-deals/ "small business discounts")

**company** [ open ](javascript:void\(0\);)

    * [about us](/us/aboutsamsung/home/ "about samsung")
    * [explore](/us/explore/ "explore")
    * [careers](/us/careers/ "careers")
    * [ newsroom  ](https://news.samsung.com/us/ "open in a new window : newsroom")
    * [ corporate citizenship  ](http://csr.samsung.com "open in a new window :  corporate citizenship")
    * [ investor relations  ](//www.samsung.com/global/ir/ "open in a new window : investor relations")
    * [responsible recycling](/us/aboutsamsung/sustainability/environment/responsible-recycling/ "responsible recycling")

copyright© 1995-2021 samsung all rights reserved.

[ usa/english  ](/us/common/visitlocationsite.html)

[ usa/english  ](/us/common/visitlocationsite.html)

    * [privacy](/us/privacy/ "privacy")
    * [do not sell my personal information](/us/privacy/ccpa/ "do not sell my personal information")
    * [legal](//www.samsung.com/us/common/legal.html "legal")
    * [accessibility help](/us/accessibility/ "accessibility help")
    * [sitemap](//www.samsung.com/us/common/sitemap.html "sitemap")

stay in the loop?

    * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/samsungus "open in a new window : facebook")
    * [ ](https://twitter.com/samsungus "open in a new window : twitter")
    * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/samsungmobileusa/ "open in a new window : instagram")
    * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/samsungus "open in a new window : youtube")
    * [ ](//www.samsung.com/us/emailsignup/ "open in a new window : email to")

fast, easy checkout with shop samsung app

easy sign-in, samsung pay, notifications, and more!

[get the app](https://k7wz8.app.goo.gl/17mackgxw7lk4qyo2)

or continue shopping on samsung.com

×

the shop samsung app

free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.

[get](https://k7wz8.app.goo.gl/2nm3tmxztz4mk27x2)

×

the shop samsung app

free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.

[get](https://k7wz8.app.goo.gl/2nm3tmxztz4mk27x2)

×

### you are about to be redirected to investor relations information for u.s.

thank you for visiting samsung u.s. investor relations. you will be redirected
via a new browser window to the samsung global website for u.s. investor
relations information.

cancel

[continue](/us/aboutsamsung/ir/newsmain.do)

×

### redirect notification

as of nov. 1, 2017, the samsung electronics co., ltd. printer business and its
related affiliates were transferred to hp inc.  
  
for more information, please visit hp's website:
<http://www.hp.com/go/samsung>  
  

    * * for samsung supplies information go to: [www.hp.com/go/samsungsupplies](http://www.hp.com/go/samsungsupplies)
    * * for s.t.a.r. program cartridge return & recycling go to: [www.hp.com/go/suppliesrecycling](http://www.hp.com/go/suppliesrecycling)
    * * for samsung printer support or service go to: [www.hp.com/support/samsung](http://www.hp.com/support/samsung)
  

select continue to visit hp's website.

cancel

[continue](http://www.hp.com/go/samsung)

