please turn javascript on

[×](javascript:;)

welcome to the

! please enjoy our special offers for you

[my benefits](/us/support/account/benefits/) [special offers](/us/shop/all-
deals/)

[samsung](/us/)

[ cart number of products : 0 ](/us/checkout/) [ search
](javascript:void\(0\)) [ open the menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ galaxy 5g ](/us/mobile/5g/)

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * mobile

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * tv & audio

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * home appliances

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * smart home

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * computing

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * offers

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ explore ](/us/explore/)

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * support

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ business ](https://www.samsung.com/us/business/)

[ back to menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ sign in ](javascript:void\(0\))

    * [sign in / create account](/us/support/account/)
    * [why create an account?](/us/samsung-account-benefits/)
    * [track your orders](/us/support/account/order/#/order-lookup/)

  * [ my menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

****

    * [my account](/us/support/account/)
    * [wishlist](/us/account/wishlist/)
    * [my orders](/us/support/account/order/)
    * [my products](/us/support/account/products/)
    * [friends and family](/us/shop/friendsandfamily/mgmt/)
    * [log out](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [ cart number of products : 1 ](/us/checkout/)
  * [ open search layer ](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [sign in / create account](/us/support/account/)
  * [why create an account?](/us/samsung-account-benefits/)
  * [track your orders](/us/support/account/order/#/order-lookup/)

****

  * [my account](/us/support/account/)
  * [wishlist](/us/account/wishlist/)
  * [my orders](/us/support/account/order/)
  * [my products](/us/support/account/products/)
  * [friends and family](/us/shop/friendsandfamily/mgmt/)
  * [log out](javascript:void\(0\))

[ close menu ](javascript:void\(0\))

your cart is empty.

ok

layer popup close

sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart.

ok

layer popup close

## remove a product

without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed.  
are you sure to remove this product?

move to wish list

delete

layer popup close

## privacy policy

i have read and agree to the samsung.com

[privacy policy](/sg/info/privacy.html "open in a new window")

tick this box to proceed to samsung.com.

by ticking this box, i accept samsung service updates, including :

samsung.com services and marketing information, new product and service
announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.

proceed to samsung.com

leave page

close privacy policy

## check preferences

help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences.

yes

later

close check preferences

## what are you looking for?

search form

close galaxy s20 cancel search

suggested searches

no suggestions

search history

clear all

related searches

matched contents

cancel

  * [help with my order](http://www.samsung.com/us/support/contact-customer-services)
  * [__live chat](javascript:;)
  * share

# legal

  
  
  

# terms of use

these terms of use (âtermsâ) apply to your use of this website, any
associated mobile sites, services, applications, or platforms (âsitesâ).
please review these terms carefully, as they affect your legal rights. your
use of the sites constitutes your agreement and acceptance of the terms. if at
any time you do not accept the terms, stop using the sites. as used in these
terms, âsamsung,â âus,â âour,â or âweâ refers to samsung
electronics america, inc., which owns and operates the sites. âyouâ and
âyourâ mean the user(s) of the sites.

  
  

these terms contain both a mandatory individual arbitration provision and
class action/jury trial waiver provision. these provisions requires the use of
arbitration on an individual basis to resolve disputes, rather than jury
trials or class actions. by using the sites, you expressly agree to be bound
by and abide by them, including the mandatory individual arbitration provision
and the class action/jury trial waiver provision. if you do not agree to these
terms, you should not access or use the sites and must immediately discontinue
any and all use of the sites.

  
  

# permitted uses

you may use the sites or your account only in compliance with these terms and
all applicable laws. you may not use the sites in any manner that could harm
samsung, its affiliates, its brands, or any person or property. in addition,
you must not:

  

  * â¢ reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or make any attempts to discover the source code or algorithms of our sites.
  * â¢ modify or disable any features of our sites.
  * â¢ create any derivative works based on our sites.
  * â¢ rent, lease, lend, sublicense, or provide any commercial hosting services using our sites.
  * â¢ infringe our intellectual property rights or the rights of anyone else while using our sites.
  * â¢ use our sites in any way that violates these terms or any laws, rules, regulations, codes of practices, guidelines or any other requirements of regulatory authorities, as amended from time to time, within the jurisdiction in which you are a resident or from which you are using the sites (âapplicable lawâ).
  * â¢ use our sites in any fraudulent or malicious way, for example to introduce viruses, malicious code, or harmful data.
  * â¢ use our sites in any way that could damage, disable, overburden, impair, or compromise our systems or security, or interfere with other users of our sites.
  * â¢ collect or harvest any information or data from our sites or systems or attempt to decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running our sites, except to the extent allowed by applicable law.

  
  

# copyrights, trademarks, and patents

all content on the sites (including but not limited to graphics, drawings,
design, text, software, selection, and arrangement) is protected by copyright
laws in the united states. we grant you permission to use the sites and its
contents for your own personal use. you may not access, download, copy,
modify, distribute, transmit, display, reproduce, publish, license, create
derivative works from, transfer, or sell any part of the content or sites for
commercial purposes, whether on behalf of yourself or a third party.

  

all trademarks, service marks, and trade names are trademarks or registered
trademarks of samsung electronics co., ltd..

  
  

# user content

the sites may allow you to share things like comments, photos, messages, or
documents with us or with other users. when you share content, you continue to
own the intellectual property rights to your content and you are free to share
the content with anyone else wherever you want. however, to use your content
on our sites, you need to grant us a license for any content that you create
or upload using our sites. when you upload, transmit, create, post, display or
otherwise provide any information, materials, documents, media files or other
content on or through our sites (âuser contentâ) you grant us an
irrevocable, unlimited, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to
copy, reproduce, adapt, modify, edit, distribute, translate, publish, publicly
perform and publicly display the user content (âuser content licenseâ), to
the full extent allowed by applicable law.

  

we do our best to keep user content safe, but weâre not responsible if any
of your user content or other data is lost. you should keep local copies or
make backups of contents and other data, just in case something goes wrong.

  

you are entirely responsible for the user content provided by you and for any
consequences arising in connection with that user content (including any loss
or damage suffered or incurred by us or other users).

  

you represent and warrant that (i) you are the owner of all rights pertaining
to the user content or otherwise authorized to grant us the user content
license; (ii) the user content will not infringe any intellectual property or
other third- party rights; (iii) the user content will comply and conform to
any age classification rules and requirements (including accurate and adequate
classification and rating of any user content, as the case may be) under
applicable law.

  
  

# social media

we welcome you to share user content and information about our products and
services through social media. when you use social media to share site
content, you grant us the right to reproduce and publish your social media
posting and to use the username / social media handle that you used when
sharing the content. you are responsible for complying with the terms and
conditions of social media platforms.

  
  

# digital millennium copyright act

  
  

# a. dmca notice

if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content
on our sites infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification
(ânotificationâ) pursuant to the digital millennium copyright act
(âdmcaâ) by providing our copyright agent with the following information
in writing (see 17 u.s.c 512(c)(3) for further detail):

  

  * â¢ a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
  * â¢ identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
  * â¢ identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
  * â¢ information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
  * â¢ a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

  

you can send your notice to samsungdmca@sea.samsung.com.

  

a copy of your dmca notification will be sent to the person who uploaded the
material addressed in the notification.

  

please be advised that under section 512(f) of the digital millennium
copyright act you may be held liable for damages and attorneysâ fees if you
make material misrepresentations in a dmca notification.

  
  

# b. dmca counter-notice

if you, the user, receive a dmca notification because your content is claimed
to infringe a copyright, but you believe in good faith that your content is
not infringing or that you have authorization to use the material, you may
respond to the dmca notification by sending a counter notification (âcounter
notificationâ) to our dmca agent (whose contact information is provided
above) that includes:

  
  

  * â¢ your physical or electronic signature;
  * â¢ identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled (such as a url for the webpage for where the material is posted);
  * â¢ a statement from you under the penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of a united states district court for the judicial district in which your physical address is located, or if your physical address is outside of the united states, for any judicial district in which samsung may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.

  

if you submit a dmca counter notification, a copy of the counter notification,
including your name and contact information, will be sent to the copyright
owner or person who provided the dmca notification. please note that sending a
dmca counter notification may not result in your content being restored to our
services if the copyright owner chooses to file suit against you within ten
(10) business days of receiving the counter notification.

  
  

# third-party services

we work with a global network of partners and service providers to provide you
with useful content and functionality in connection with our sites. this may
include information, links, advertisements, chat services, or other content or
functionality provided by third parties (âthird-party servicesâ). we are
not responsible for, and have no control over, any third-party services, and
we arenât liable for any damages or losses that are caused by any third-
party services.

  
  

# website and content subject to change

while we try to make our sites error-free, we do not guarantee that the
content provided through the sites is complete, current, or error-free
(including content related to product availability, specifications, features,
or prices). if we discover errors, we will make reasonable efforts to correct
them. in some cases, product measurements and descriptions are approximate and
provided only for ease of explanation or convenience.

  
  

# product availability and pricing

we use reasonable efforts to fulfill orders, but cannot guarantee availability
of any particular product or service, and sometimes an item shown on the sites
may not be available. in that case, we may cancel your order or contact you
for follow-up. we reserve the right to discontinue the sale of any product or
service at any time without notice. we may decline or place quantity limits on
your order at any time.

  

in the event of a pricing or other error, we reserve the right to revoke
offers, cancel orders and correct errors or omissions, including after an
order has been placed.

  
  

# purchases

all sales on samsung.com are subject to the samsung.com terms of sale, found
here: https://www.samsung.com/us/terms-of-sale/ . if you wish to purchase
products or services described on the sites, you will be asked to supply
certain information applicable to your purchase, including credit card and
shipping information. you may be able to store your information with your
account, which allows you to make future purchases without re-entering
information. you agree to pay all charges incurred by you and your credit card
(or other applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such
charges are incurred.we are required by law to collect all applicable sales
taxes for all states and municipalities. you authorize us to charge the
applicable sales taxes to your credit card at the time of completion of order
shipment.

  

we may preauthorize or charge your order amount with your credit or debit card
issuer at the time you place the order, which may have an effect on your
available credit line.

  

all information provided by you must be accurate, complete and correct. by
confirming your purchase at the end of the checkout process, you agree to
accept and pay for the items, products or services that you have requested.
receiving an order acknowledgement via email or confirmation page does not
guarantee the acceptance of an order.

# export control

you are responsible for complying with united states and foreign export
controls and for any violation of such controls, including any united states
embargoes or other rules and regulations restricting exports. you represent
that you are not: (1) located in, or a resident or a national of, any country
subject to a government embargo or other restriction, or that has been
designated by any government as a âterrorist supportingâ country; or (2)
on any government list of restricted end users.

  
  

# warranty disclaimer

to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, our sites are provided
âas isâ and on an âas availableâ basis, without warranties of any kind
from us, either express or implied. to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, we disclaim all warranties or other terms expressed, implied,
or statutory, including, but not limited to, implied warranties or terms of
merchantability, satisfactory quality, workmanlike effort, fitness for a
particular purpose, reliability or availability, accuracy, lack of viruses,
non-infringement of third-party rights, or other violation of rights. some
jurisdictions do not allow exclusions or limitations of implied warranties, so
the above exclusions or limitations may not apply to you. no advice or
information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or our
affiliates shall be deemed to alter our disclaimer of warranty regarding our
sites, or to create any warranty of any sort from us.

  

without limiting the previous disclaimer, and to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable law, we do not represent, warrant, or guarantee that our sites
or the content therein will (i) operate in an uninterrupted, timely, secure,
or error-free manner; (ii) will be free from all harmful components or errors;
(iii) will be secure or immune (including the content delivered to you or the
information you provided) from unauthorized access; or (iv) will be accurate,
complete, or reliable, that the quality of the sites will be satisfactory to
you, or that errors will be corrected. in addition, we do not warrant,
endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for third-party services,
advertisements, content, or any other product, sites or services advertised or
offered by a third party on or through our sites.

# limitation of liability

to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we will not be liable for
any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, or any
loss of profit, revenue, goodwill, business, opportunity or data, whether
incurred directly or indirectly, or any other intangible losses. the
limitations of this section shall apply to any theory of liability, whether
based on warranty, contract, statute, tort (including negligence) or
otherwise, and whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of any
such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of
its essential purpose, and even to any claims you may bring against any other
party to the extent that we would be required to indemnify that party for such
claim. some jurisdictions do not allow limitation of liability for personal
injury, or of incidental or consequential damages, so this limitation may not
apply to you. you acknowledge and agree that these limitations are reasonable
given the benefits of the sites and you will accept such risk and/or insure
accordingly.

  
  

# indemnity

you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us, our licensors, our
agents, and all officers, directors, and employees from any and all third-
party claims, actions, losses, damages, liabilities, judgements, grants,
costs, and expenses (including reasonable attorneysâ fees) arising from: (i)
your use of our sites or use by any person that you allow to use our sites
that is not in accordance with these terms, (ii) any breach of these terms by
you or by any person that you allow to use our sites, or (iii) any violation
of any laws or regulations or the rights of any third party by you or by any
person that you allow to use our sites.

  
  

# arbitration

all disputes with samsung arising in any way from these terms shall be
resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration, and not by a court
or jury. any such dispute shall not be combined or consolidated with a dispute
involving service provided to any other person or entity, and specifically,
without limitation of the foregoing, shall not under any circumstances proceed
as part of a class action. the arbitration shall be conducted before a single
arbitrator, whose award may not exceed, in form or amount, the relief allowed
by the applicable law. the arbitration shall be conducted according to the
american arbitration association (aaa) commercial arbitration rules applicable
to consumer disputes, and is entered pursuant to the federal arbitration act.
the arbitrator shall decide all issues of interpretation and application of
this arbitration provision and these terms. judgement may be entered on the
arbitratorâs award in any court of competent jurisdiction. this arbitration
provision also applies to claims against our employees, representatives and
affiliates if any such claim arises from these terms. for any arbitration in
which your total damage claims, exclusive of attorney fees and expert witness
fees, are $5,000.00 or less (âsmall claimâ), the arbitrator may, if you
prevail, award your reasonable attorney fees, expert witness fees and costs as
part of any award, but may not grant us our attorney fees, expert witness fees
or costs unless it is determined that the claim was brought in bad faith. in a
small claim case, you shall be required to pay no more than half of the total
administrative, facility and arbitrator fees, or $50.00 of such fees,
whichever is less, and we shall pay the remainder of such fees.
administrative, facility and arbitrator fees for arbitrations in which your
total damage claims, exclusive of attorney fees and expert witness fees,
exceed $5,000.00 (âlarge claimâ) shall be determined according to aaa
rules. in a large claim case, the arbitrator may grant to the prevailing
party, or apportion among the parties, reasonable attorney fees, expert
witness fees and costs to the extent allowed by the applicable law. judgement
may be entered on the arbitratorâs award in any court of competent
jurisdiction.

  

you may opt out of this dispute resolution procedure by providing notice to
us. to opt out, you must send notice by email to optout@sea.samsung.com, with
the subject line: âarbitration opt outâwebsite terms of use.â your opt-
out email must include: (a) your name and address; (b) e-mail address; and (c)
telephone number. opting out of this dispute resolution procedure will not
affect the terms of use, and you will continue to enjoy the benefits of the
sites.

  
  

# geographic scope

the sites are intended for use within the united states of america. claims
about our products or services are limited to the united states, unless
otherwise disclosed. the sites are intended to promote solely products that
are sold in the united states. we do not represent or warrant that the sites
are appropriate or available for use outside the united states.

  
  

# governing law

the formation, existence, construction, performance, validity and all aspects
whatsoever of these terms will be governed by the law of the state of new
york, without reference to its choice of laws principles. these terms will not
be governed by the un convention on contracts for the international sale of
goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. notwithstanding the
foregoing, we may apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of
urgent legal relief) in any court of competent jurisdiction.

  
  

# entire agreement & severability

these terms, our privacy policy, any additional terms that accompany our
sites, any amendments and any additional agreements you may enter into with us
shall constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to our
sites, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous oral or written
communications, proposal, and representations with respect to our sites or any
subject matter covered by these terms. if any provision of these terms is
deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable (in whole or in part), then
that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary,
and the remaining provisions of these terms will remain in full force and
effect. you may be subject to additional terms and conditions that govern your
use of third-party services, content, or software.

  
  

# no waiver

if we do not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is set out in
these terms or which we have the benefit of under any applicable law, this
will not be construed as a formal waiver of our rights or remedies and such
rights or remedies will remain available to us.

  
  

# reservation of rights & feedback

nothing in these terms gives you a right to use the samsung name or any of the
samsung trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features.
all rights, title, and interest in and to our sites (excluding content
provided by third parties) are and will remain the exclusive property of
samsung and its licensors. if you choose to make available any comments,
ideas, feedback, or suggestions, we will be free to use such comments, ideas,
feedback or suggestion as we see fit and without any obligation to you.

  
  

# survival

any provisions within these terms that by their nature should continue to be
in effect, shall survive the expiration or termination of these terms, and
remain valid and binding.

  
  

# additional terms may apply

depending on which of our products or services you use, additional terms may
apply (âadditional termsâ). additional terms may also apply for
promotions, sweepstakes, contest, giveaways, or similar programs. if these
terms are inconsistent with any additional terms, the additional terms will
control.

  
  

# changes to these terms

from time to time, we may change these terms in our sole discretion. we
reserve the right to make these changes without notice, though we will update
the âlast updatedâ line at the beginning of these terms after each
revision. you are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms, and your
continued use of the sites following any changes indicates your acceptance of
those changes.

  
  

**shop** [ open ](javascript:void\(0\);)

  * [phones](/us/smartphones/ "phones")
  * [tablets](/us/tablets/ "tablets")
  * [watches](/us/watches/ "watches")
  * [mobile accessories](/us/mobile/mobile-accessories/ "mobile accessories")
  * [mobile audio](/us/mobile-audio/ "mobile audio")
  * [tv & home theater](/us/tvs/ "tv & home theater")
  * [computing](/us/computing/ "computing")
  * [monitors](/us/monitors/ "monitors")

  * [memory & storage](/us/memory-storage/ "memory & storage")
  * [home appliances](/us/home-appliances/ "home appliances")
  * [smart home](/us/smart-home/ "smart home")
  * [samsung experience store](/us/samsung-experience-store/ "samsung experience store")
  * [apps & services](/us/apps/ "apps & services")
  * [ shop refurbished  ](//www.samsung.com/us/mobile/phones/all-phones/?condition=certified+pre-owned "open in a new window : shop refurbished")

**support** [ open ](javascript:void\(0\);)

  * [contact us](/us/support/contact/ "contact us")
  * [product support](/us/support/ "product support")
  * [order support](/us/support/order-help/ "order support")
  * [your account](/us/support/account/ "your account")
  * [register your product](/us/support/register/ "register your product")
  * [samsung community](https://us.community.samsung.com/ "samsung community")
  * [accessibility](/us/accessibility/ "accessibility")
  * [note7 recall](https://pages.samsung.com/us/note7/recall/index.jsp "note7 recall")

**offers** [ open ](javascript:void\(0\);)

  * [offers](/us/shop/all-deals/ "offers")
  * [samsung rewards](/us/rewards/ "samsung rewards")
  * [student & educator discounts](/us/shop/all-deals/student-deals/ "student & educator discounts")
  * [government discounts](/us/shop/discount-program/government/ "government discounts")
  * [military discounts](/us/shop/discount-program/military/ "military discounts")
  * [employee discounts](/us/shop/discount-program/workplace/ "employee discounts")
  * [first responders discounts](/us/shop/all-deals/first-responder-discounts/ "first responders discounts")

**company** [ open ](javascript:void\(0\);)

  * [about us](/us/aboutsamsung/home/ "about samsung")
  * [explore](/us/explore/ "explore")
  * [careers](/us/careers/ "careers")
  * [ newsroom  ](https://news.samsung.com/us/ "open in a new window : newsroom")
  * [ corporate citizenship  ](http://csr.samsung.com "open in a new window :  corporate citizenship")
  * [ investor relations  ](//www.samsung.com/global/ir/ "open in a new window : investor relations")
  * [responsible recycling](/us/aboutsamsung/sustainability/environment/responsible-recycling/ "responsible recycling")

copyrightâ© 1995-2021 samsung all rights reserved.

[ usa/english  ](/us/common/visitlocationsite.html)

[ usa/english  ](/us/common/visitlocationsite.html)

  * [privacy](/us/privacy/ "privacy")
  * [do not sell my personal information](/us/privacy/ccpa/ "do not sell my personal information")
  * [legal](//www.samsung.com/us/common/legal.html "legal")
  * [accessibility help](/us/accessibility/ "accessibility help")
  * [sitemap](//www.samsung.com/us/common/sitemap.html "sitemap")

stay in the loop?

  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/samsungus "open in a new window : facebook")
  * [ ](https://twitter.com/samsungus "open in a new window : twitter")
  * [ ](https://www.instagram.com/samsungmobileusa/ "open in a new window : instagram")
  * [ ](https://www.youtube.com/samsungus "open in a new window : youtube")
  * [ ](//www.samsung.com/us/emailsignup/ "open in a new window : email to")

### welcome to samsung

## sign up & get 10% off

#### sign up and get 10% off your first order of $100 or more! shop
samsung.com to find the best tech at the best prices and recieve news on our
latest technology and exclusive offers.*

firstname

lastname

email

submit

*exclusion apply. order must be a minimumm of $100 or more. offer valid only for new samsung.com customers. must sign up for emails by 11/12/16. promo code must be used by 11/19.

## thanks for  
signing up!

#### check your inbox for a discount code for 10% off your first purchase.

## welcome back.

#### looks like you are already a samsung.com subscriber and aren't eligible
for this one time offer.

#### something went wrong. please try again.

fast, easy checkout with shop samsung app

easy sign-in, samsung pay, notifications, and more!

[get the app](https://k7wz8.app.goo.gl/17mackgxw7lk4qyo2)

or continue shopping on samsung.com

×

the shop samsung app

free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.

[get](https://k7wz8.app.goo.gl/2nm3tmxztz4mk27x2)

×

the shop samsung app

free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options.

[get](https://k7wz8.app.goo.gl/2nm3tmxztz4mk27x2)

×

### you are about to be redirected to investor relations information for u.s.

thank you for visiting samsung u.s. investor relations. you will be redirected
via a new browser window to the samsung global website for u.s. investor
relations information.

cancel

[continue](/us/aboutsamsung/ir/newsmain.do)

×

### redirect notification

as of nov. 1, 2017, the samsung electronics co., ltd. printer business and its
related affiliates were transferred to hp inc.  
  
for more information, please visit hp's website:
<http://www.hp.com/go/samsung>  
  

  * * for samsung supplies information go to: [www.hp.com/go/samsungsupplies](http://www.hp.com/go/samsungsupplies)
  * * for s.t.a.r. program cartridge return & recycling go to: [www.hp.com/go/suppliesrecycling](http://www.hp.com/go/suppliesrecycling)
  * * for samsung printer support or service go to: [www.hp.com/support/samsung](http://www.hp.com/support/samsung)

  

select continue to visit hp's website.

cancel

[continue](http://www.hp.com/go/samsung)

