signal >> terms of service & privacy policy

[
![](/assets/header/logo-f7ef605fe417d5520d38d546b3b774b4261c75220b9904da4d8b2ffc19a761ff.png)
](/#signal)

[get signal](/download/) [support](https://support.signal.org) [blog](/blog/)
[developers](/docs/) [careers](/workworkwork/) [donate](/donate/)
[__](https://twitter.com/signalapp)[__](https://instagram.com/signal_app/)

# signal terms& privacy policy

signal is designed to never collect or store any sensitive information. signal
messages and calls cannot be accessed by us or other third parties because
they are always end-to-end encrypted, private, and secure. our terms of
service and privacy policy are available below.

  * terms of service
  * privacy policy

## terms of service

signal messenger llc. (“signal”) utilizes state-of-the-art security and end-
to-end encryption to provide private messaging, internet calling, and other
services to users worldwide. you agree to our terms of service (“terms”) by
installing or using our apps, services, or website (together, “services”).

### about our services

 **minimum age.** you must be at least 13 years old to use our services. the
minimum age to use our services without parental approval may be higher in
your home country.

 **account registration.** to create an account you must register for our
services using your phone number. you agree to receive text messages and phone
calls (from us or our third-party providers) with verification codes to
register for our services.

 **privacy of user data.** signal does not sell, rent or monetize your
personal data or content in any way – ever.

please read our privacy policy to understand how we safeguard the information
you provide when using our services. for the purpose of operating our
services, you agree to our data practices as described in our privacy policy,
as well as the transfer of your encrypted information and metadata to the
united states and other countries where we have or use facilities, service
providers or partners. examples would be third party providers sending you a
verification code and processing your support tickets.

 **software.** in order to enable new features and enhanced functionality, you
consent to downloading and installing updates to our services.

 **fees and taxes.** you are responsible for data and mobile carrier fees and
taxes associated with the devices on which you use our services.

### using signal

 **our terms and policies.** you must use our services according to our terms
and posted policies. if we disable your account for a violation of our terms,
you will not create another account without our permission.

 **legal and acceptable use.** you agree to use our services only for legal,
authorized, and acceptable purposes. you will not use (or assist others in
using) our services in ways that: (a) violate or infringe the rights of
signal, our users, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual
property, or other proprietary rights; (b) involve sending illegal or
impermissible communications such as bulk messaging, auto-messaging, and auto-
dialing.

 **harm to signal.** you must not (or assist others to) access, use, modify,
distribute, transfer, or exploit our services in unauthorized manners, or in
ways that harm signal, our services, or systems. for example you must not (a)
gain or try to gain unauthorized access to our services or systems; (b)
disrupt the integrity or performance of our services; (c) create accounts for
our services through unauthorized or automated means; (d) collect information
about our users in any unauthorized manner; or (e) sell, rent, or charge for
our services.

 **keeping your account secure.** signal embraces privacy by design and does
not have the ability to access your messages. you are responsible for keeping
your device and your signal account safe and secure. if you lose your phone,
follow the steps on our support site to re-register for our services. when you
register with a new device, your old device will stop receiving all messages
and calls.

 **no access to emergency services.** our services do not provide access to
emergency service providers like the police, fire department, hospitals, or
other public safety organizations. make sure you can contact emergency service
providers through a mobile, fixed-line telephone, or other service.

 **third-party services.** our services may allow you to access, use, or
interact with third-party websites, apps, content, and other products and
services. when you use third-party services, their terms and privacy policies
govern your use of those services.

### your rights and license with signal

 **your rights.** you own the information you submit through our services. you
must have the rights to the phone number you use to sign up for your signal
account.

 **signal’s rights.** we own all copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade
dress, trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property rights
associated with our services. you may not use our copyrights, trademarks,
domains, logos, trade dress, patents, and other intellectual property rights
unless you have our written permission. to report copyright, trademark, or
other intellectual property infringement, please contact abuse@signal.org.

 **signal’s license to you.** signal grants you a limited, revocable, non-
exclusive, and non-transferable license to use our services in accordance with
these terms.

### disclaimers and limitations

 **disclaimers.** you use our services at your own risk and subject to the
following disclaimers. we provide our services on an “as is” basis without any
express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement,
and freedom from computer virus or other harmful code. signal does not warrant
that any information provided by us is accurate, complete, or useful, that our
services will be operational, error-free, secure, or safe, or that our
services will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. we do
not control, and are not responsible for, controlling how or when our users
use our services. we are not responsible for the actions or information
(including content) of our users or other third parties. you release us,
affiliates, directors, officers, employees, partners, and agents (together,
“signal parties”) from any claim, complaint, cause of action, controversy, or
dispute (together, “claim”) and damages, known and unknown, relating to,
arising out of, or in any way connected with any such claim you have against
any third parties.

 **limitation of liability.** the signal parties will not be liable to you for
any lost profits or consequential, special, punitive, indirect, or incidental
damages relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with our
terms, us, or our services, even if the signal parties have been advised of
the possibility of such damages. our aggregate liability relating to, arising
out of, or in any way in connection with our terms, us, or our services will
not exceed one hundred dollars ($100). the foregoing disclaimer of certain
damages and limitation of liability will apply to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable law. the laws of some states or jurisdictions may not allow the
exclusion or limitation of certain damages, so some or all of the exclusions
and limitations set forth above may not apply to you. notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in our terms, in such cases, the liability of the signal
parties will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

 **availability of our services.** our services may be interrupted, including
for maintenance, upgrades, or network or equipment failures. we may
discontinue some or all of our services, including certain features and the
support for certain devices and platforms, at any time.

### resolving disputes and ending terms

 **resolving disputes.** you agree to resolve any claim you have with us
relating to or arising out of our terms, us, or our services exclusively in
the united states district court for the northern district of california or a
state court in san mateo county, california. you also agree to submit to the
personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such
disputes. the laws of the state of california govern our terms, as well as any
disputes, whether in court or arbitration, which might arise between signal
and you, without regard to conflict of law provisions.

 **ending these terms.** you may end these terms with signal at any time by
deleting signal messenger from your device and discontinuing use of our
services. we may modify, suspend, or terminate your access to or use of our
services anytime for any reason, such as if you violate the letter or spirit
of our terms or create harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for signal. the
following provisions will survive termination of your relationship with
signal: “licenses,” “disclaimers,” “limitation of liability,” “resolving
dispute,” “availability” and “ending these terms,” and “general”.

### general

signal may update the terms from time to time. when we update our terms, we
will update the “last modified” date associated with the updated terms. your
continued use of our services confirms your acceptance of our updated terms
and supersedes any prior terms. you will comply with all applicable export
control and trade sanctions laws. our terms cover the entire agreement between
you and signal regarding our services. if you do not agree with our terms, you
should stop using our services.

if we fail to enforce any of our terms, that does not mean we waive the right
to enforce them. if any provision of the terms is deemed unlawful, void, or
unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed severable from our terms and
shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions. our services
are not intended for distribution to or use in any country where such
distribution or use would violate local law or would subject us to any
regulations in another country. we reserve the right to limit our services in
any country. if you have specific questions about these terms, please contact
us at privacy@signal.org.

* * *

## privacy policy

signal utilizes state-of-the-art security and end-to-end encryption to provide
private messaging and internet calling services to users worldwide
(“services”). your calls and messages are always encrypted, so they can never
be shared or viewed by anyone but yourself and the intended recipients.

### information you provide

 **account information.** you register a phone number when you create a signal
account. phone numbers are used to provide our services to you and other
signal users. you may optionally add other information to your account, such
as a profile name and profile picture. this information is [end-to-end
encrypted](https://signal.org/blog/signal-profiles-beta/).

 **messages.** signal cannot decrypt or otherwise access the content of your
messages or calls. signal queues end-to-end encrypted messages on its servers
for delivery to devices that are temporarily offline (e.g. a phone whose
battery has died). your message history is stored on your own devices.

additional technical information is stored on our servers, including randomly
generated authentication tokens, keys, push tokens, and other material that is
necessary to establish calls and transmit messages. signal limits this
additional technical information to the minimum required to operate the
services.

 **contacts.** signal can optionally discover which contacts in your address
book are signal users, using a service designed to protect the privacy of your
contacts. information from the contacts on your device may be
cryptographically hashed and transmitted to the server in order to [determine
which of your contacts are registered](https://signal.org/blog/contact-
discovery/).

 **user support.** if you contact signal user support, any personal data you
may share with us is kept only for the purposes of researching the issue and
contacting you about your case.

 **managing your information.** you can manage your personal information in
signal’s application settings. for example, you can update your profile
information or choose to enable additional privacy features like a
registration lock pin.

### information we may share

 **third parties.** we work with third parties to provide some of our
services. for example, our third-party providers send a verification code to
your phone number when you register for our services. these providers are
bound by their privacy policies to safeguard that information. if you use
other third-party services like youtube, spotify, giphy, etc. in connection
with our services, their terms and privacy policies govern your use of those
services.

 **other instances where signal may need to share your data**

  * to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
  * to enforce applicable terms, including investigation of potential violations.
  * to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
  * to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of signal, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.

### updates

we will update this privacy policy as needed so that it is current, accurate,
and as clear as possible. your continued use of our services confirms your
acceptance of our updated privacy policy.

### terms

please also read our terms which also governs the terms of this privacy
policy.

### contact us

if you have questions about our privacy policy please contact us at
privacy@signal.org. attn: privacy signal messenger, llc 650 castro street,
suite 120-223 mountain view, ca 94041

effective as of may 25, 2018

updated may 25, 2018

(c) 2013-2021 signal, a 501c3 nonprofit.  
signal is a registered trademark in the united states and other countries.  
  
for media inquiries, contact [press@signal.org](mailto:press@signal.org)

**company**

  * [donate](/donate/)
  * [careers](/workworkwork/)
  * [blog](/blog/)
  * [terms & privacy policy](/legal/)

**download**

  * [android](/download/android)
  * [iphone & ipad](/download/ios)
  * [windows](/download/windows)
  * [mac](/download/macos)
  * [linux](/download/linux)

**social**

  * [github](https://github.com/signalapp)
  * [twitter](https://twitter.com/signalapp)
  * [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/signal_app/)

**help**

  * [support](https://support.signal.org/)
  * [community](https://community.signalusers.org/)

(c) 2013-2021 signal, a 501c3 nonprofit.  
signal is a registered trademark in the united states and other countries.  
  
for media inquiries, contact [press@signal.org](mailto:press@signal.org)

