[skip to main content](javascript:void\(0\))

[
![](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/images/logos/re1mu3b.png)
microsoft ](https://www.microsoft.com)

skype

[ skype ](https://www.skype.com)

skype

  * [ home ](https://www.skype.com)
  * [downloads](https://www.skype.com/en/get-skype/)
  * [skype to phone](https://www.skype.com/en/international-calls/)
  * [skype number](https://www.skype.com/en/skype-number/)
  * [features](https://www.skype.com/en/features/)
  * products
    * [meet now](https://www.skype.com/en/free-conference-call)
    * [skype manager](https://www.skype.com/en/skype-manager/)
    * [skype with alexa](https://www.skype.com/en/alexa/)
    * [skype for content creators](https://www.skype.com/en/content-creators/)
    * [skype for business](https://www.skype.com/en/business/)

  * get help
    * [skype support](https://support.skype.com)
    * [blogs](https://go.skype.com/blogs.skype)
    * [community](https://go.skype.com/community/)
    * [about skype](https://www.skype.com/en/about/)

  * [my account](https://go.skype.com/myaccount)
  * [join us](//go.skype.com/joinskype/)
  * more

  * [ host a meeting ](https://go.skype.com/meetnow.accessurl "host a meeting")
  * 
  * sign in my skype ![avatar]()
    * [my account](https://go.skype.com/myaccount)
    * [use skype online](https://go.skype.com/sfw)
    * [ new to skype? sign up ](https://go.skype.com/signup?client_id=578134&redirect_uri=https%3a%2f%2fweb.skype.com&source=scomnav)
    * [sign out](https://go.skype.com/logout)

#  terms for us customers registered for skype manager prior to 1 august 2015
and us skype connect customers

## table of contents:

  1. definitions
  2. emergency calls
  3. quality, technical improvement and maintenance
  4. licence and restrictions
  5. skype manager
  6. business products
  7. ip rights
  8. content
  9. no reselling
  10. charging
  11. making payments
  12. refund policy
  13. third party partners and content
  14. disclaimers, warranties, limitation of liability and indemnity
  15. term, termination and update
  16. new versions, upgrades and suspension
  17. confidential information
  18. additional terms
  19. export restrictions and government users
  20. product specific terms
  21. skype on a mobile
  22. miscellaneous

these terms apply to skype’s consumer software applications and products. they
do not apply to the skype for business product and online service offered by
microsoft corporation.

these terms apply to account users linked to a skype manager administrator
account who are located in the u.s. if you wish to use a skype manager
administrator account on behalf of the u.s. government or an agency of the
u.s. government these terms do not apply to you. for applicable terms and/or
further information, please contact
[usgoverusers@microsoft.com](mailto:usgoverusers@microsoft.com).

please read carefully: by accepting these terms, creating a skype manager
administrator account or purchasing or using the skype products as a skype
manager administrator account, you are agreeing to these business terms of
service ("agreement") on behalf of the entity on whose behalf you are setting
up a skype manager (“company”).

your agreement to these terms will be deemed to be an agreement between the
company and skype and you represent and warrant that you have authority to
bind the company to the terms and conditions of this agreement. if you do not
agree with the terms of this agreement, you are not authorized to use the
skype products or the skype manager administrator account in any manner.

the terms and conditions of this agreement govern your use of the skype
software, skype products, and the skype manager administrator account unless
you and skype (as defined below) have executed a separate agreement.

**skype does not support any emergency calls to any hospitals, law enforcement
agencies or any other type of emergency services of any kind except in the
very limited circumstances described in paragraph 2.3 below.**

## **1\. definitions**

the following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings:

additional terms: means the terms and conditions and policies applicable to
your use of the skype software, the skype products and/or the skype website,
in addition to this agreement; administrator: means a person authorised to act
on behalf of the company, who is responsible for the administration and
management of a skype manager via a skype manager administrator account;

affiliate: means, with respect to any entity, any other entity directly or
indirectly controlling or controlled by, or under direct or indirect common
control with such entity;

agreement: means these business terms of use, as may be renewed and/or amended
by skype from time to time;

business products: means skype connect and such other skype products that are
used in conjunction with your pbx as skype may provide for in its sole
discretion from time to time;

calling line identification or “cli” means the facility that allows the
recipient of a call to see the number of the caller before answering a call;

channel subscription: means a subscription that, in return for a recurring
monthly fee allows you to purchase concurrent calling channels for use with
skype connect;

consumer account: a skype account for individual use (for personal or business
communications) by an end user that is set up, owned, used and managed by a
consumer in accordance with the consumer tou;

consumer tou: means the microsoft services agreement at
[http://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/servicesagreement/](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/servicesagreement/)
that govern the use of the skype internet communication products that may be
used with a consumer account;

consumer user: means the end user of a consumer account;

content: means any and all content consisting of text, sounds, pictures,
photos, video and/or any type of information or communications;

data: means the types of data we collect from you and your devices (“ **data**
”) as further described in the <https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-
gb/privacystatement>.

documentation: means any documentation provided by skype for use with the
skype software and/or skype products;

effective date: has the meaning given to it in paragraph 15.1 below;

enabled versions: has the meaning given to it in paragraph 2.3 below;

ip rights: means (i) patents, pending patent applications, designs, trade
marks and trade names (whether registered or unregistered), copyright and
related rights, database rights, knowhow, trade secrets and confidential
information; (ii) all other intellectual property rights and similar or
equivalent rights anywhere in the world which currently exist or are
recognised in the future; and (iii) applications, extensions and renewals in
relation to any such rights;

individual use: has the meaning given to it in paragraph 5.2.3(i) below;

landline number: means a diallable fixed-line telephone number with an itu-
recognized geographic code (or equivalent non-geographic code in countries
where geographic codes are not utilized), and excluding always premium rate,
short code, shared cost, special rate, or any other number ranges which
generate an excessive or unexpected charge in excess of the typical standard
charge levied to make a call into a number with the relevant geographic code;

linked account: means a consumer account linked to a skype manager
administrator account;

linked account user: means a consumer user who has linked their consumer
account to a skype manager administrator account;

password: means a password that selected by the user or administrator, which,
in combination with the user id, gives access to a user account;

pbx: means a private branch exchange owned or controlled by you;

shared use: has the meaning given to it in paragraph 5.2.3 (ii) below;

sip: means session initiation protocol;

sip profile: means a sip profile that you set up in order to use skype
connect;

skype: means skype communications s.a.r.l located at 23-29 rives de clausen,
2165 luxembourg (b100467), vat no. lu20180239 and skype communications us
corporation, located at 6100 neil road, reno, nevada 89511as the context
requires. the features and products that are made available through the
software for free (excluding products or features which are available for free
on a trial basis only) are provided to you by skype software sàrl. any
additional products or features that you pay for (including products or
features which are available for free on a trial basis only) are provided to
you by skype communications us corporation.;

skype account: means the account with user id (including a microsoft id) and
password that is used to access the skype software and the skype products;

skype api: application program interface consisting of the set of routines
utilized by the skype software to provide the skype software functionality for
a given platform or operating system, as well as any future versions,
improvements, developments, programming fixes, updates and upgrades thereof;

skype brand elements: the trade marks, service marks, trade names, signs,
logos, icons, slogans, banners, screen shots, trade dress, links and other
brand features and ip rights that belong to skype;

skype consumer products: means the skype internet communication products that
may be used with a consumer account in accordance with the consumer tou; skype
credit: the pre-paid credit purchased from skype to use with, and pay for,
skype products;p>

skype connect: means the sip standards compliant interface that enables
existing sip communications products to utilize skype's voice communications
features;

skype manager: means the skype web based tool that allows a consumer account
to be linked to a skype manager admin account for the purpose of purchasing,
using and managing skype products;

skype number: (previously “online number”) means a number that is purchased
and allocated to a user account or sip profile on your skype manager for the
purpose of enabling a user or sip profile to receive calls on that number;

skype products: means any and all internet communications products made
available to you by skype communications us corporation including, without
limitation, skype connect, skype numbers, subscriptions, the business products
and such other products as are referred to in this agreement;

skype products: means any and all internet communications products made
available to you by skype communications us corporation including, without
limitation, skype connect, skype numbers, subscriptions, the business products
and such other products as are referred to in this agreement;

skype website: any and all elements, contents and the ‘look and feel’ of the
website available under the url, www.skype.com, – among other url’s –, from
which website the skype software can be downloaded;

subscription: means a subscription that, in return for the purchase price of
the subscription, allows a user to: (i) make unlimited calls to certain
destinations subject to the fair use policy at
[http://www.skype.com/en/legal/fair-
usage](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/fair-usage) (such as unlimited world,
unlimited country and unlimited europe); or (ii) make calls to certain
destinations for a specific number of minutes per subscription period;

terms: means collectively this agreement and any other additional terms that
you enter into with skype or any of its affiliates in respect of the skype
software, skype products and/or skype website;

user: means a linked account user;

user account: means a linked account;

user id: refers to an identification code that is your microsoft id, or one
that you select, which in combination with the password, gives access to a
linked account;

us minute bundle: means a monthly allowance of 5,000 minutes per bundle to
make calls to landlines and mobiles in the us through a sip profile which is
only available with skype connect; you or your: means the entity entering into
this agreement, also referred to herein as the company.

## **2\. emergency calls**

2.1 no emergency calls. the skype software does not support any emergency
calls to any type of hospitals, law enforcement agencies, medical care unit or
any type of emergency services of any kind, except in the very limited
circumstances described in paragraph 2.3 below. skype is not a traditional
telephone service or a replacement for your primary telephone service. there
are important differences between traditional telephone services and the skype
software and the skype products. you need to make additional arrangements in
order to access emergency services. it is your responsibility to purchase,
separately from the skype software and the skype products, traditional
wireless or fixed line telephone services that offer access to emergency
services. it is your responsibility to inform your users that it is not
possible to support or carry emergency calls using the skype software and the
skype products, and that they may access emergency services via the additional
arrangements that you have made available to your users.

2.2 not a standalone service. business products that enable communications via
your pbx and any other certified skype connect equipment should not be used as
a standalone service but as a secondary communications channel only in
connection with traditional telephone services. when using business products
you shall configure your pbx and any other certified skype connect equipment
so that all emergency calls are placed through a standard landline connection
or some other type of telephone services that support emergency calling.

2.3 limited emergency calling: skype will use reasonable endeavors to provide
limited emergency calling in a very limited number of countries, and only
where a linked account is being used for individual use by a linked account
user who is using the skype software version 4.1 for windows (or later) or
version 3.0 for mac os x (or later) (“enabled versions”). skype does not
provide emergency calling for or in conjunction with any business products,
skype products or on any platforms, devices or operating systems other than
those enabled versions explicitly referred to in this paragraph 2.3. the
following limitations apply in respect of emergency calling on enabled
versions:

2.3.1 skype cannot guarantee that the emergency calling will always function
without disruptions, delay or other imperfections, or at all. where enabled,
emergency calling will be transmitted through public internet lines and the
public switched telephone network ("pstn"). consequently, there may be power
outages or internet service disruption and you may experience some disruptions
e.g. packet loss and delay which will interfere with the quality of your
communication. furthermore, skype cannot guarantee that you or your linked
account users will always be able to communicate with other people, nor can
skype guarantee that you or your linked account users can communicate without
disruptions, delays or communication-related flaws or that all your
communications shall always be delivered to other people. any of these
limitations may adversely affect successful call connection.

2.3.2 an emergency call made using the enabled versions of skype software, in
an enabled country may not receive the same network priority as a call made
using traditional wireless (mobile) or fixed line telephone services.

2.3.3 if the emergency call of a linked account user is connected, such linked
account user will be required orally to provide their physical location to a
third party emergency services operative to enable the correct emergency
organization to respond to the emergency. if the linked account user does not
provide this information when prompted, you acknowledge that the emergency
call of your linked account user may not be completed and such linked account
user will not be able to gain access to the required emergency service using
their linked account. skype will have no liability for any failed emergency
call in such circumstances.

2.3.4 you expressly acknowledge the service limitations described above and
agree to continue to make alternative arrangements in order for your linked
account users to access emergency services through a traditional wireless
(mobile) or fixed line telephone service, and only use emergency calling in
the enabled versions of skype software as an absolute last resort.

2.3.5 you can find out whether limited emergency calling functionality is
available in the country in which your linked account users are located by
requiring the user sets the default location for emergency calling in the call
settings page of the applicable linked account that is using one of the
enabled versions of the skype software. it is your responsibility to ensure
that this location information is correct and kept up-to-date if the physical
address of your linked account user changes. emergency calls are not supported
by the skype software in the majority of countries around the world. if the
countries in which your linked account users are located are not supported for
limited emergency calling access then the provisions of paragraphs 2.1 and
14.1.3 (a) continue to apply and you should ensure that your linked account
users do not attempt to, and agree not to, make any emergency calls using the
skype software.

2.3.6 you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to inform, and
you shall inform, your linked account users about the service limitations and
the obligations referred to in paragraph 2.3.5 above regarding the call
settings page of their linked account.

## **3\. quality, technical improvement and maintenance**

3.1 quality: skype will use reasonable endeavors to provide the skype products
with minimum disruptions. however, skype cannot guarantee that the skype
products will always function without disruptions, delay or other
imperfections. since the skype products work over public internet lines and
the pstn, there may be power outages or internet service disruption and you
may experience some disruptions e.g. packet loss and delay which will
interfere with the quality of your communications.

3.2 technical improvement and maintenance: skype may change technical features
in order to keep pace with the latest demands and technological developments
or to comply with any applicable laws. skype may also have to repair, improve,
and/or upgrade the skype products or any other skype feature and this may
require us to restrict, limit, suspend, interfere and/or interrupt the skype
products or any other skype feature at any time in our sole discretion.

## **4\. license and restrictions**

4.1 license. subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of this
agreement, skype hereby grants you a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free,
non-transferable license to download, install and use the skype software with
your linked accounts solely for your own communication purposes including the
individual communication purposes of your linked account users. skype reserves
all rights in the skype software not expressly granted to you in this
agreement. if you or your administrator has downloaded and installed the skype
software on a personal computer or other device and has accepted the consumer
tou prior to such download and installation then you acknowledge and agree
that the use of the skype software shall be governed by this agreement and not
the consumer tou. in the event of any inconsistency, ambiguity or conflict
between the paragraphs of this agreement and the paragraphs of the consumer
tou, this agreement shall take priority.

4.2 third parties. the skype software may be incorporated into, and may
incorporate itself, software and other technology owned and controlled by
third parties. any such third party software or technology that is
incorporated in the skype software falls under the scope of this agreement.
any and all other third party software or technology that may be distributed
together with the skype software will be subject to you explicitly accepting a
license agreement with that third party. you acknowledge and agree that you
will not enter into a contractual relationship with skype or its affiliates
regarding such third party software or technology and you will look solely to
the applicable third party and not to skype or its affiliates to enforce any
of your rights.

4.3 lawful purposes. you will use the skype software solely for lawful
purposes. in this respect you shall not, (and you shall ensure that your
administrators and linked account users shall not) without limitation (a)
intercept or monitor, damage or modify any communication which is not intended
for you; (b) use any type of spider, virus, worm, trojan-horse, time bomb or
any other codes or instructions that are designed to distort, delete, damage
or disassemble the skype software or the communication; (c) send any
unsolicited communication not permitted by applicable law or use the skype
software for the purposes of phishing or pharming or impersonating another
person; (d) expose any third party to material which is offensive, harmful to
minors, indecent or otherwise objectionable in any way; (e) use the skype
software to cause or intend to cause embarrassment or distress to, or to
threaten, harass or invade the privacy of, any third party; (f) use (including
as part of the user name of a linked account) any material or content that is
subject to any third party proprietary rights, unless you have a licence or
permission from the owner of such rights; or (g) impact or attempt to impact
the availability of the skype software for example, with a denial of service
(dos) or distributed denial of service (ddos) attack.

4.4 restrictions. you have no right to and shall not (and shall ensure that
your administrators and linked account users shall not): (a) copy or modify
the skype software, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable
law; (b) transfer, sublicense, lease, lend, rent or otherwise distribute the
skype software. you acknowledge and agree that portions of the skype software,
including, without limitation, the source code and the specific design and
structure of individual modules or programs, constitute or contain trade
secrets of skype and its licensors. accordingly, you agree not to disassemble,
decompile or otherwise reverse engineer the skype software, in whole or in
part, or permit or authorize a third party to do so, except to the extent such
activities are expressly permitted by law notwithstanding this prohibition.

4.5 jurisdiction restrictions. if the law of your country prohibits you, your
administrators and/or your linked account users from downloading or using the
skype software because the skype software is not allowed in the country or
countries in which your entity or linked account users are located, please do
not (and do not allow your administrators and linked account users to) use it.

4.6 the skype software may be downloaded, installed and used on various
products, applications or programs that are made available by third parties.
skype cannot guarantee that the skype software shall always be available on
the product, application or program onto which you, your administrators or
linked account users initially downloaded and installed it.

## **5\. skype manager**

5.1 purpose of skype manager. a skype manager enables you to manage your
business communications. you may request to link consumer accounts to a skype
manager group, add sip profiles on your skype manager, and purchase and
allocate skype products to linked accounts and sip profiles for use by you
and/or linked account users. you may also view reports of those
communications.

5.2 permitted use of skype manager.

5.2.2 you or your administrator may invite consumer account users to link
their consumer accounts to a skype manager group. you shall be responsible for
the administration and management of the linking of consumer accounts that are
members of your skype manager. the addition of a linked account, the purchase
and allocation to a linked account of any skype products by you, and the use
of any skype products by your administrators, shall be governed by this
agreement and any other applicable additional terms.

5.2.3 you may link a consumer account for the following purposes:

(i) the individual use of a linked account by one linked account user only,
for the communications purposes of such linked account user (“individual
use”);

(ii) the use of a linked account by you via your pbx or any other certified
skype connect equipment, using business products for your own communications
purposes (“shared use”).

5.2.4 you are not permitted to use a subscription in connection with a linked
account for shared use.

5.3 responsibility of skype manager group. you shall be responsible for all
purchases and allocation of the skype products and use of the skype software
in connection with the skype manager including without limitation, any acts
and omissions of any of your administrators. you shall ensure that all your
administrators comply with this agreement and any other applicable additional
terms.

5.4 unlinking of linked accounts. if a linked account user leaves the company,
such linked account shall cease to be in the skype manager group. once a
consumer account ceases to be part of your skype manager group, you
acknowledge that the traffic data (including call history and text message
history) will no longer be accessible to you once that consumer account has
been removed from the skype manager group, and you are therefore responsible
for printing out the traffic data records if you deem this necessary, before
unlinking the relevant linked account. any skype numbers that you have
allocated to that linked account may be taken back to the skype manager and
reallocated before the linked account is unlinked. you may take the skype
numbers back by manually removing them from the linked account. if you have
purchased a subscription and/or voice messages for use with that linked
account, such subscription and/or voice messages may not be taken back to the
skype manager. once a consumer account is unlinked, the data previously
associated with the consumer account, can be retrieved.

5.5 password and email.

5.5.2 restriction on sharing. it is prohibited for you, your administrators
and linked account users to share passwords that are being used either for
individual use or shared use. you shall ensure that neither you, your
administrators or linked account users shall share a passwords.

5.5.3. security. you shall (and shall ensure that your administrators and
linked account users shall) take all necessary steps to ensure the security of
the user id, password and email address of linked accounts at all times. if
you suspect that any password has been shared in breach of this agreement or
has become known to anyone other than an administrator or a linked account
user to whom the password has been allocated, then you shall request an
individual user immediately change the password in order to protect your
linked accounts. it is your responsibility to ensure that your linked account
users and administrators do not respond to any unsolicited requests for credit
card details, passwords or other data. neither skype nor its officers,
employees or affiliates may be held liable whether in contract, warranty, tort
(including negligence), or any other form of liability for any claim, damage,
or loss arising from or relating to any failure by you, your administrators
and/or linked account users to comply with this paragraph 5.5.3.

5.6 administrator(s). you and your administrators may appoint additional
administrators to your skype manager, and each administrator shall be required
to accept and agree to this agreement and any other applicable additional
terms. you shall procure that all administrators read, agree to and comply
with this agreement and any other applicable additional terms, and you shall
be responsible for any breach of the terms by such administrator(s). if you
are an administrator creating or managing a skype manager but not entering
into this agreement on behalf of a legally incorporated entity or you are not
authorized to represent or act on behalf of such entity, then you shall be in
breach of this agreement and shall be personally liable for such breach and
any other breach of this agreement, and for any acts and omissions of any
linked account users or administrators on your skype manager.

5.7 cli

5.7.1 linked accounts. you can allocate a skype number to a linked account and
use it as the cli for that linked account. no mobile or landline numbers can
be allocated to a linked account as a cli.

5.7.2 skype connect. you may purchase and allocate skype numbers to a sip
profile. the maximum number of skype numbers you can allocate to a sip profile
is 99. skype numbers allocated to a sip profile may be used as the cli for
that sip profile. no mobile or landline numbers can be allocated to a linked
account as a cli for a sip profile.

5.8 linked accounts and skype products.

if you do not want to allow your linked account users to use any of the skype
products made available through their linked account (such as call forwarding,
file transfer or skypefind), it is your responsibility to communicate such
restrictions to them.

5.9 skype numbers

5.9.1 provision of skype numbers is subject to applicable numbering rules and
regulatory practices which may change or be amended from time to time. skype
reserves the right to change the terms related to skype numbers accordingly,
including without limitation to impose or amend local residency requirements
and/or to require the provision of further user information for continued
access to defined skype numbers.

5.9.2 you may purchase and allocate skype numbers to a linked account and/or a
sip profile subject to compliance with the allocation requirements displayed
upon subscription to the skype numbers. in particular you are responsible for
compliance with any requirements related to the address and/or the location of
the company and linked account users.

5.9.3 you are responsible for notifying any applicable terms of service to
administrators and linked account users who are allocated the skype number,
and for ensuring that the administrators and linked account users comply with
such terms. skype reserves the right to cancel the subscribed skype numbers in
case of breach by you, your administrators or linked account users of the
applicable terms of service, including the allocation requirements, without
compensation.

5.9.4 you shall also comply with the additional terms applicable to skype
numbers at paragraph 18.1 below.

5.9.5 skype numbers allocated by you for use with a linked account or a sip
profile cannot be taken back onto the skype manager and reallocated to a
consumer account.

5.9.6 a consumer user may purchase their own skype number in accordance with,
and subject to the terms of, the consumer tou.

5.10 personal and traffic data. you shall inform each user that you and your
administrators may obtain and use their personally identifiable information
and traffic data. you acknowledge and agree that you shall process (and shall
ensure that your administrators shall process) such personally identifiable
information and traffic data in accordance with all applicable data protection
laws. you represent and warrant to keep all such personal and traffic data
confidential and use and protect it strictly in compliance with applicable
data protection laws.

5.11 no unsolicited communications. under no circumstances shall you send (or
allow your administrators and/or linked account users to send) unsolicited
commercial communications. you shall not (and you shall ensure that your
administrators and/or linked account users shall not) send or procure the
sending of any communications, including email messages on behalf of, or
purporting to originate on behalf of, skype. you agree that you will comply
with all applicable laws concerning marketing, advertising, sending
communications or similar activities, in connection with your use of any skype
products.

5.12 consumer accounts

5.12.1 the use of any existing consumer accounts that are a member of your
skype manager, including the skype software and skype consumer products by a
consumer user, shall be governed by the terms of the consumer tou that is
accepted by the applicable consumer user.

5.12.2 you may invite existing consumer accounts to become a linked account
member of a skype manager group.

5.12.3 if you purchase skype credit and allocate it to a consumer account,
then any use of such skype credit for calls to phones and/or subsequent
purchases of any skype consumer products made by the consumer user of such
consumer account shall be governed by the consumer tou. a consumer user may
also purchase skype credit on their own behalf in accordance with the consumer
tou.

## **6\. business products**

6.1 permitted use and restrictions. business products enable you to use
certain skype products via your pbx and any other certified skype connect
equipment, subject to the limitations set out in this paragraph 6. business
products are only available for use with linked accounts and you acknowledge
and agree that business products may not be used with consumer accounts.

6.2 skype connect

6.2.1 skype connect enables you to use certain skype products via your pbx or
any other certified skype connect equipment. before using skype connect, you
shall set up a sip profile and purchase a channel subscription. skype shall
then provide you with a username and password that is used to configure a sip
pbx.

6.2.2 you may set up and link one or more linked accounts to the sip profile
in order to enable you to receive voice calls into your pbx and any other
certified skype connect equipment.

6.2.3 you may delete a sip profile at any time. if you choose to delete a sip
profile you acknowledge that you will lose all current configuration details
relating to this sip profile and you will not be able to make or receive any
calls using this sip profile. the traffic data (including call history) in
respect of a sip profile is only visible whilst that sip profile exists and
such traffic data will no longer be accessible to you once that sip profile
has been deleted. you are therefore responsible for printing out the traffic
data records if you deem this necessary, before deleting the relevant sip
profile. any skype numbers that you have allocated to that sip profile may be
taken back to the skype manager and reallocated before the sip profile is
deleted. you may take the skype numbers back by manually removing them from
the sip profile. if you have purchased a channel subscription for use with
that sip profile, such channel subscription may not be taken back to the skype
manager but will no longer be available once the sip profile has been deleted.

6.2.4 if you use a user account with skype connect then you may not use that
user account with skype for asterisk or on a personal computer, mobile or
other device unless and until you cease using it with skype connect.

## **7\. ip rights**

7.1 ownership. the skype software is licensed to you in accordance with this
agreement. the skype software is protected by copyright law and international
treaties. you shall not (and shall ensure that your administrators and linked
account users shall not) delete or in any manner alter the copyright,
trademark, and other proprietary rights notices or markings appearing on the
skype software as delivered to you and your linked account users. all ip
rights in and to any third party content that is not contained in the skype
software, but may be accessed through use of the skype software, is the
property of the respective owner of the ip rights and may be protected by
applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties.

7.2 skype brand elements. nothing in this agreement will give you any right to
use the skype brand elements. skype does not allow third parties to use the
skype brand elements unless they have received prior written permissions from
skype or if use falls within extremely limited exceptions, as such exceptions
are set out in the trade mark guidelines that may be published by skype from
time to time and notified to you. if you want to use any of the skype brand
elements, you must obtain skype’s written permission before you (your
administrators or linked account users) use them unless such use falls within
the limited exceptions set out in the aforementioned trade mark guidelines.

## **8\. content**

8.1 content of communications.

8.1.1 the content of the communication spread by the use of the skype software
is entirely the responsibility of the person from whom such content
originated. you understand, therefore, that by using the skype software you,
your administrators and linked account users may be exposed to content that is
offensive, harmful to minors, indecent or otherwise objectionable, and that
you use the skype software at your own risk.

8.1.2 you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any
content that you, your administrators and/or your linked account users upload,
submit, post, transmit or display through the skype software and/or the skype
website (“use” or “used”) and that skype is not responsible to you or any
third party for any content that is used by you, your administrators, linked
account users or any other skype software user.

8.2 third party ip rights. you agree that you shall not use (and shall ensure
that your administrators and linked account users shall not use) any content
that is subject to any third party ip rights, unless you, the administrator or
the linked account user has a licence or specific permission from the owner to
use such third party content, and to grant skype the licence set out in
paragraph 8.3 below.

8.3 licence. you hereby grant to skype a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual,
irrevocable, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable licence to: (i)
reproduce, modify and publish any content that you, your administrators and/or
linked account users use on the publicly accessible areas of the skype website
(e.g. skype forum, blogs) for the purpose of displaying and distributing such
content on the skype website for such time as you, your administrators and/or
linked account users continue to use such content on the skype website; and
(ii) distribute and/or display through the skype software any content that
you, your administrators and/or linked account users provide or make available
using the skype software for the sole purposes of making the skype software
and the products available to you, your administrators and your linked account
users.

8.4 removal of content. skype reserves the right (but shall have no
obligation) to decide whether any content that you (your administrators and/or
linked account users) use complies with this agreement and any additional
terms. skype may in its sole discretion remove such content and/or terminate
this agreement and any linked account belonging to you, if you use any content
that is in breach of this agreement and/or any additional terms at any time
and without prior notice to you.

## **9\. no reselling**

skype products are made available under this agreement solely for use by you
and your linked account users for your communications purposes. the use of the
skype products for any other purpose, and/or the resale of any skype products
is not permitted by you or any of your administrators, and you shall not (and
shall ensure that your administrators and your linked account users, save for
the extent permitted under the consumer tous, shall not) resell the skype
products to any third party or use the skype products to provide services to
any third party.

## **10\. charging**

10.1 recurring and ratable product types

skype makes products available to you according to two different charging
models: (i) skype products that you may purchase under a monthly, quarterly or
annual recurring term (“recurring products”). (ii) skype products that you
must pay for, at published prices, only when you use them (“ratable
products”).

10.2 recurring products the recurring products include: (i) subscriptions (see
paragraph 20.3); (ii) skype numbers (see paragraph 20.1); (iii) group video
calling (see paragraph 20.8); and (iv) skype connect channel subscriptions and
us minute bundles (see paragraph 10.4).

10.3 ratable products

10.3.1 calling phones: if you have not purchased a subscription, then the
ability to call phones is a ratable product, with charges consisting of a
connection fee and a per-minute rate as set out on
<https://go.skype.com/prices>. the duration of a call for calling phones shall
be based on one-minute increments. fractions of minutes will be rounded up to
the next minute. the connection fee, where applicable, will be charged when
the call is answered.

10.3.2 premium rate numbers. the duration of a call for calling premium rate
numbers shall be based on one-minute increments. fractions of minutes will be
rounded up to the next minute. the connection fee, where applicable, will be
charged at the beginning of the call.

10.3.3 calls over skype connect: the ability to call phones over a sip profile
is a ratable product (except where calls are made using a us minute bundle).
rates for calling phones at
[pricing](https://go.skype.com/business.sip.pricing) are payable for all
outgoing calls made using skype connect. the minimum duration of a skype
connect call is 30 seconds and the calling rate for the first 30 seconds is
charged in advance, when the call is answered. after the first 30 seconds,
skype connect calls are charged, in advance, at increments of 6 seconds
thereafter. fractions of less than 6 seconds will be rounded up. skype connect
calls do not incur any additional connection fees.

10.3.4 sms. the charges payable for sending sms consist of a per-message rate
as set out at <https://go.skype.com/prices>.

10.4 skype connect

10.4.1 you must purchase a monthly channel subscription in order to set up a
sip profile and use skype connect. a channel subscription is a recurring
product and will be charged by skype at monthly intervals until the channel
subscription is terminated by you or by skype.

10.4.2 if you fail to pay the monthly recurring charge for a channel
subscription associated with a sip profile, that sip profile shall be disabled
and you will not be able to make or receive calls over that sip profile using
skype connect.

10.4.3 you must purchase a separate channel subscription for each sip profile
that you set up.

10.4.4 the monthly fee payable for a channel subscription varies according to
the number of concurrent calling channels that you wish to use with a sip
profile. a sip profile supports from 1 to 300 concurrent calling channels. a
sip profile can have multiple concurrent calling channels and each channel
allows one inbound or one outbound call at any time.

10.4.5 other than the monthly fee for the channel subscription, no additional
charges are payable for receiving incoming calls on skype connect.

10.4.6 the fees payable for a channel subscription are set out at:
[pricing](https://go.skype.com/business.sip.pricing).

10.4.7 you may change the number of concurrent calling channels included in
your channel subscription at any time. when you change the number of
concurrent calling channels this will initiate a new recurring monthly charge
that applies immediately based on the new number of concurrent calling
channels you have selected. skype will re-imburse, to the skype manager skype
credit balance, the outstanding fair value of the previous monthly fee that
you paid for the channel subscription you changed.

10.4.8 when changing your channel subscription in a sip profile that contains
us minute bundles the channel subscription change policy set out in paragraph
10.4.7 shall apply.

10.4.9 if you cancel your channel subscriptions your remaining minutes from
any us minute bundle will be available until your channel subscription
expires.

10.4.10 us minute bundles: a us minute bundle is a recurring product and will
be charged by skype at monthly intervals until the us minute bundle is
terminated by you or by skype. the fees payable for a us minute bundle are set
out at: [pricing](https://go.skype.com/business.sip.pricing). the minimum
duration of a call using a us minute bundle is 30 seconds and calls of less
than 30 seconds shall be deducted from your us minute bundle as a 30 second
call. after the first 30 seconds, such call minutes are deducted from your us
minute bundle, in advance, at increments of 6 seconds thereafter. fractions of
less than 6 seconds will be rounded up to 6 seconds. unused minutes from a us
minute bundle cannot be carried over to the next month.

10.4.11 us minute bundle restrictions: the number of us minute bundles that
you purchase cannot exceed the number of active channel subscriptions you
have. us minute bundles cannot be transferred between sip profiles. you will
not be able to use a us minute bundle without an active channel subscription
in the sip profile to which the us minute bundle is associated.

10.4.12 fair usage: us minute bundles are subject to a fair usage policy,
described at [http://www.skype.com/en/legal/connect-minute-fair-
usage](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/connect-minute-fair-usage). skype
reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time. changes shall
become effective when published on the skype website. your continued use of us
minute bundles after publication of the revised version shall constitute your
acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised fair usage
policy.

10.4.13 changes to us minute bundles: skype reserves the right to withdraw or
change the us minute bundle at any time. skype will send a notification by
email, stating the changes and their effective date. if you do not wish to
accept these changes, you are entitled to terminate the us minute bundle by
contacting skype customer support via your skype manager, with effect from the
date on which the changes are due to take effect.

10.4.14 cancellation of us minute bundles: you may cancel a us minute bundle
at any time. once you have cancelled a us minute bundle, you may continue to
use any remaining minutes until the end of the current billing period, at
which point the us minute bundle will be terminated.

10.4.15 us minute bundle refunds: you may change the number of your us minute
bundle(s) at any time. if you change the number of your channel
subscription(s) and/or your us minute bundle(s), then skype will initiate a
new recurring payment for both your channel subscription(s) (see paragraph
10.4.7) and your us minute bundle(s) and will refund to your skype manager
skype credit balance any unused minutes (whether in full or in part) from your
us minute bundle(s). us minute bundle refunds shall be calculated based on the
total number of unused minutes divided by the number of minutes per bundle
(e.g., 5000) multiplied by the purchase price paid by you per us minute
bundle(s) in your previous order.

10.4.16 in the event that there is, or skype suspects that there is, any
fraudulent activity or misuse of a us minute bundle by you and/or your linked
account users, skype reserves the right to terminate the us minute bundle with
immediate effect and without a refund.

10.5 change of charges and tariffs

10.5.1 skype may change the rates for calling phones, including via skype
connect, and premium rate numbers at any time without notice to you by posting
such change at <https://go.skype.com/prices> and
[pricing](https://go.skype.com/business.sip.pricing). the new rate will apply
to your next purchase after the new rates have been published. please check
the latest rates before you make your call. if you do not accept the new
rates, do not make your call.

10.5.2 skype may change the charges payable for the purchase of recurring
products (such as skype numbers) at any time without any notice to you. you
can choose whether or not to accept the new charges prior to completing your
next purchase of the applicable skype product. the new charge will apply to
your next purchase after the adjustments have been published on the skype
website. you agree that by continuing to use the skype products following the
adjustments of the charges, you accept the new charges.

10.5.3 promotional offers: from time to time, skype may offer paid-for
products for free for a trial period. skype reserves the right to charge you
for such skype products (at the normal rate) in the event that skype
determines (in its reasonable discretion) that you are abusing the terms of
the offer, including if you are using any service, proxy or other devices or
anonymous ip address that prevents us from locating you.

10.6 tax

skype may collect tax at the appropriate rate (as per applicable tax rules) at
the time of purchase of skype credit. your skype credit balance is displayed
exclusive of any such taxes. you explicitly waive any right to tax
reimbursement from skype if the amount of tax ultimately payable by skype to
the tax authorities would for any reason be lower than the amount of tax
collected from you at the time of purchase.

10.7 collections

you will remain liable to skype for all charges related to skype products used
by you, the administrator and users in accordance with this agreement, and all
the costs skype incurs to collect those charges, including, without
limitation, collection agency fees, reasonable attorneys' fees, and
arbitration or court costs.

## **11\. making payments**

11.1 paying for skype products

11.1.1 you shall pay skype any applicable charges in connection with your
purchase of recurring products and your usage of ratable products.

11.1.2 as a skype manager administrator, you must first purchase skype credit,
via skype manager, using one of the payment methods made available to you by
skype. you can then use the skype credit on your skype manager to pay for
skype products and allocate them to your users’ skype accounts. you can also
allocate skype credit directly to your users’ accounts so that your users can
use skype credit to make calls and send smss, as per the published rates for
these skype products.

11.1.3 skype credit: to make calls to phones and to use certain other skype
products, your users’ accounts need a sufficient balance of skype credit. in
order to enable your users to use ratable products, you must first purchase
skype credit via skype manager, through one or more of the payment methods
made available by skype and then allocate skype credit from your skype manger
to your users’ accounts. skype reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
stop accepting debit or credit cards from one or more issuers, or to cease
providing any payment method, at any time and without any prior notice to you.

11.1.4 restrictions. skype does not guarantee that you will be able to use
your skype credit balance to purchase all the skype products. certain skype
products may have to be paid for separately using a different payment method.

11.1.5 non-expiry of skype manager skype credit: credit purchased by you via
your skype manager does not expire. with regard to refunds of the skype credit
balance on your skype manager, please refer to paragraph 12.

11.1.6 expiry of credit allocated to consumer account. a credit balance for
skype credit that has been allocated by you to a consumer account will be
placed on inactive status if it is not used for a period of 180 days. this
inactive skype credit balance can be reactivated, by the consumer user by
following the reactivation link in their my account at [reactivate
credit](https://go.skype.com/store.reactivate.credit).

11.1.7 expiry of credit allocated to a linked account: a credit balance for
skype credit that has been allocated by you to a linked account can be
withdrawn by you, from the linked account, and added to the skype manager
credit balance at any time.

11.1.8 auto recharge: if you have chosen to set up the auto-recharge feature
on your skype manager, your skype credit balance will be recharged with the
same amount and by the same payment method chosen when you first signed up for
auto-recharge, unless you subsequently change the amount by accessing your
skype manager. for example, if you purchase $10 us dollars of skype credit
with your credit card and you enable auto-recharge, the recharge amount
charged to your credit card will also be $10 us dollars. in future the same
amount will be charged to your credit card every time your skype account
balance goes below the threshold set by you from time to time. you can disable
auto-recharge at any time by accessing your skype manager.

11.1.9 recurring products and auto recharge. if you purchase a recurring
product with a payment method other than credit card or paypal, and you have
enabled auto-recharge, your skype credit balance will be recharged with the
amount necessary to pay for the product the next time it recurs.

## **12\. refund policy**

12.1 when you purchase skype products directly from skype you will be entitled
to a cancellation period of fifteen (15) days (a “cooling-off period”) unless
you have allocated the purchased product to a user account or made use of the
purchased product in any way, in which case the cooling-off period will be
extinguished and your purchase cannot be cancelled or refunded.

12.2 outside of the cooling-off period, only subscriptions are refundable
unless used or expired.

12.3 expenditure of skype credit, allocation of an skype number by skype, or
use of any aspect of a subscription amounts to “use” of a skype product. you
hereby expressly agree that skype numbers may be allocated before the end of
the cooling-off period.

12.4 the cooling-off period and refunds do not apply to skype products that
are (i) purchased via a third party partner of skype (please contact the
partner directly, who may decide in its sole discretion whether or not to pay
a refund), (ii) not directly acquired online from skype (e.g. vouchers or pre-
paid cards) (iii) paid for in cash using third party payment methods (such as
a cash payment wallet) and (iv) paid for and allocated to a user account by a
skype manager administrator.

12.5 subject to paragraphs 12.1 to 12.4 above, you can request cancellation of
a purchased skype product within the cooling-off period by submitting a
request to customer support.

12.6 if you believe that skype has charged you in error, you must contact us
within 90 days of the charge being billed, either by clicking on the chat
support link in skype manager or by emailing us at the address provided on
your invoice.

12.7 skype reserves the right to refuse a refund request if it reasonably
believes (i) that you are trying to unfairly exploit this refund policy, for
example, by making repetitive refund requests in respect of the same product;
(ii) if you are in breach of these terms or (iii) if skype reasonably suspects
that you are using our products or software fraudulently or that your user
account is being used by a third party fraudulently.

## **13\. third party partners and content**

13.1 provision of skype products by third party partners

13.1.1 in some countries the skype products may be provided by skype’s third
party partner in which case you will be asked to accept the partner’s own
terms and conditions. if you do not accept such terms and conditions you will
not be able to use the skype products. in the event of any inconsistency,
ambiguity or conflict between the paragraphs of this agreement and the
paragraphs of the third party partner’s terms and conditions, the third party
partner’s terms and conditions shall apply to the extent that is necessary to
resolve the conflict or inconsistency.

13.1.2. you may purchase third parties’ content, products or services
available on skype.com, including games, applications, images, ring tones, or
avatars to personalize your skype software interface. such third party
products and services may be subject to the third party provider’s own license
agreement and privacy policy that you have to accept upon download or
installation. if you encounter any problems upon payment, download or
installation, please contact skype customer support via your skype manager.

13.1.3 your linked account users may also upload or make available various
content that you purchased or your linked account users received for free from
third parties. before posting any content, you shall check (and you shall
ensure that your linked account users shall check) the conditions imposed by
the content providers (if any) and make sure that the use of this content
complies with such conditions. in any event you and your linked account users
must have permission from the rightful owner to post the material. if you do
not want to allow your linked account users to upload or make available any
such content, then it is your responsibility to restrict them from doing so.

13.1.4 skype reserves the right to remove without notice any content that
infringes or may infringe a third party’s right and/or is unlawful, obscene,
pornographic, defamatory, libelous, threatening, hateful, racially or
ethnically offensive or otherwise inappropriate.

13.1.5 notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, skype shall have no
liability to you arising out of your use of any third party’s products.

## **14\. disclaimers, warranties, limitation of liability and indemnity**

14.1 disclaimers

14.1.1 the skype products are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind.
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law skype, its licensors, third
party suppliers, and affiliates hereby disclaim all warranties, conditions,
claims or representations with respect to the skype products whether express,
implied or statutory or otherwise, including, but not limited to, any implied
warranties or conditions of merchantability, quality, non-infringement,
compatibility or of fitness for a particular purpose. skype further does not
represent or warrant that the skype products will always be available,
accessible, uninterrupted, timely, secure, accurate, complete, error-free or
free of viruses nor does skype warrant any connection to or transmission from
the internet, or any quality of communications made through the skype
products. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from
skype or elsewhere will create any warranty or condition not expressly stated
in this agreement.

14.1.2 content. skype disclaims any and all responsibility or liability in
relation to the content made available through the skype products (including,
without limitation, public chats, calls to premium rate numbers) or any
content, skype products or services provided by third parties referred to in
paragraph 13 above. neither skype nor its officers, employees or affiliates
may be held liable whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence),
or any other form of liability for any claim, damage, or loss, (and you hereby
waive any and all such claims or causes of action), arising from or relating
to all such content, skype products or services.

14.1.3 emergency services. except as provided for in the limited circumstances
set out in paragraph 2.3, neither the skype software nor the skype products
support or carry, and they are not intended to support or carry emergency
calls to any emergency services. neither skype nor its officers, employees or
affiliates may be held liable whether in contract, warranty, tort (including
negligence), or any other form of liability for any claim, damage, or loss,
(and you hereby waive any and all such claims or causes of action), arising
from or relating to: (a) where no emergency calling is enabled:

the inability of you and your linked account users to use the skype software
to contact emergency services, or your failure to make additional arrangements
to access emergency services in accordance with paragraph 2.1 above; (b) where
limited emergency calling is enabled: service limitations set out in paragraph
2.3, or your failure to make additional arrangements to access emergency
services in accordance with paragraph 2.3, or your failure, or your linked
account users’ failure, to provide accurate physical location information to
an emergency services operative, or conduct of third party emergency services
operatives and calling centres to whom you may be connected.

14.1.4 linked account users and administrators. you are solely responsible and
liable for all activities conducted through your linked accounts by your
linked account users and/or your administrators, even if such activities were
to occur without your permission. skype disclaims any and all responsibility
or liability in relation to the acts and omissions of your linked account
users and/or your administrators through the skype products. neither skype nor
its officers, employees or affiliates may be held liable whether in contract,
warranty, tort (including negligence), or any other form of liability for any
claim, damage, or loss, (and you hereby waive any and all such claims or
causes of action), arising from or relating to all such acts and omissions.

14.1.5 force majeure you acknowledge and understand that if skype is unable to
provide the skype products as a result of a force majeure event skype will not
be in breach of any of its obligations towards you under this agreement. a
force majeure event means any event beyond the control of skype. in the event
skype is affected by a force majeure event, it shall notify you as soon as
reasonably practicable of the estimated extent and duration of its inability
to perform or delay in performing its obligations. skype shall not have any
liability to you whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence),
or any other form of liability for failing to perform its obligations under
this agreement to the extent that such failure is as a result of a force
majeure event.

14.2 limitation of liability, warranty and indemnity

14.2.1 in no event shall skype, its affiliates or its licensors be liable,
howsoever caused and whether arising under contract, warranty, tort (including
negligence), product liability or any other form of liability, for any
indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages; any loss of
income, business, sales, profits (whether actual or anticipated), loss of or
corruption to data, or interruption of business.

14.2.2. notwithstanding anything else in this agreement to the contrary,
skype’s aggregate liability for all claims of any kind shall not exceed one
thousand us dollars ($1,000).

14.2.3 the limitations on skype’s liability above shall apply whether or not
skype, its employees, licensors or its affiliates have been advised of the
possibility of such losses or damages arising.

14.2.4 nothing in this agreement is intended to exclude or restrict or shall
be construed as excluding or restricting the liability of skype for (i) the
death or personal injury caused by the negligence of skype, its employees or
its agents, or (ii) any liability which cannot be limited or excluded by law.

14.3 warranty. you represent and warrant that (i) you are authorised to enter
into and comply with the terms; (ii) you shall (and shall ensure that your
linked account users and administrators shall) comply with your obligations
under the terms; and (iii) you shall (and shall ensure that your linked
account users and administrators shall) comply with all applicable laws that
may apply to the use of the skype software.

14.4 indemnification you agree to indemnify, defend and hold skype and its
affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages,
penalties, liability and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, in
connection with or arising out of any use of the skype products or breach of
this agreement, by you, your administrators and/or linked account users.

## **15\. term, termination and update**

15.1 duration. this agreement will be effective as of the date upon which you
accept these terms (“effective date”) and will remain effective until
terminated by either skype or you as set out below.

15.2 termination

15.2.1 termination by you. you may terminate your relationship with skype at
any time by ceasing to use the skype software, skype manager and any skype
products. in connection with any termination by you pursuant to this paragraph
15.2.1, you understand and agree that is your responsibility to cancel any
recurring payments with your payment provider.

15.2.2 termination by skype. skype may terminate its relationship with you, or
may terminate or suspend your use of the skype software, skype manager, linked
account(s) or skype products at any time: (i) if you are in breach of these
terms; (ii) if skype reasonably suspects that you are using the skype
software, skype manager, linked accounts and/or the skype products to break
the law or infringe third party rights; (iii) if skype reasonably suspects
that you are trying to unfairly exploit or misuse the refund policy, or any of
the skype policies; (iv) if skype reasonably suspects, that you are using the
skype products, skype manager or skype software fraudulently, or that your
linked accounts are being used by a third party fraudulently; (v) if you have
purchased skype credit from an unauthorized reseller; (vi) for a force majeure
event that continues for more than ten (10) days notice; (vii) if you fail to
pay any amounts due to skype; (viii) if required due to a change in
laws/regulation by a regulator or authority with a lawful mandate, or by any
of skype’s partners; (ix) in respect of a particular skype product, on thirty
(30) days notice if skype decides to cease offering that product; and (x) on
thirty (30) days notice, if skype decides to cease offering the skype software
to users in your jurisdiction generally. skype shall effect such termination
by preventing your access to your skype manager, linked accounts, the skype
software and/or the skype products (as applicable).

15.2.3 termination for convenience. in addition to any other termination
rights herein, skype may terminate this agreement, and/or may terminate or
suspend your use of the skype software, skype manager, linked account(s) or
skype products, for any reason by providing you with thirty (30) days notice
of such termination.

15.2.4 consequences of termination. upon termination of your relationship with
skype: (i) all licenses and rights to use the skype software, skype manager
and skype products shall immediately terminate; (ii) you will immediately
cease any and all use of the skype software, skype manager and skype products;
and (iii) you will immediately remove the skype software from all hard drives,
networks and other storage media and destroy all copies of the skype software
in your possession or under your control.

## **16\. new versions, upgrades and suspension**

16.1 new versions. skype reserves the right to modify this agreement at any
time. by using the skype products you agree that skype may provide you with
notice of a change to this agreement by posting the change on skype.com, in
your skype manager, by e-mail, by posting the modified agreement on the
relevant legal pages of skype.com or by any other means of communication. such
notices will be effective and binding on you on the date that they are posted
and skype is not required to provide you with further notice in order for you
to continue using the skype products. if you do not accept these changes, then
you must terminate your use of the skype products and skype software
immediately. you can find the latest version of this agreement at
[http://www.skype.com/en/legal/business-tou-
us](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/business-tou-us).

16.2 new versions of the skype software. skype, in its sole discretion,
reserves the right to add additional features or functions, or to provide
programming fixes, updates and upgrades, to the skype software. skype has no
obligation to make available to you any subsequent versions of the skype
software. you may have to enter into a renewed version of this agreement, in
the event you want to download, install or use a new version of the skype
software.

16.3 suspension. skype may, in its sole discretion and to the maximum extent
permitted within your jurisdiction, modify or discontinue or suspend your
ability to use any version of the skype software, and/or disable any skype
software you may already have accessed or installed without any notice to you,
for the repair, improvement, and/or upgrade of the underlying technology or
for any other justifiable reason, including but not limited to, circumstances
where you (your administrators and/or linked account users) in skype’s
opinion, are in breach of the terms, creating problems, possible legal
liabilities, or engaging in fraudulent, immoral or illegal activities, or for
other similar reasons.

## **17\. confidential information.**

17.1 for the purposes of this agreement, “confidential information” means any
documentation, any business or technical information of skype, and any other
information that a reasonable person would recognize is confidential or
proprietary to skype. you will hold the confidential information in strict
confidence including, without limitation, taking such steps to protect and
preserve the confidentiality thereof as you take to preserve and protect the
confidentiality of your own confidential information. you will use the
confidential information only to exercise the rights expressly granted by
skype to you under this agreement.

17.2 your obligations with respect to the confidential information do not
apply to information that you can clearly establish by written evidence: (i)
is or becomes publicly known through no fault of your own; (ii) is rightfully
obtained by you from a third party without obligation of confidentiality;
(iii) is independently developed by you without any access to confidential
information; (iv) is approved in writing for release by an authorized
representative of skype, or (v) is required to be disclosed as a matter of law
or judicial action; provided that you provide skype with prior notice of such
requirement of disclosure and use all reasonable efforts to obtain a
protective order.

17.3 upon request of skype or in any event promptly upon expiry or earlier
termination, all confidential information made available hereunder, including
copies thereof, shall be returned or, if directed or permitted by skype,
destroyed, unless you are otherwise allowed to retain such confidential
information, and you shall certify that you do not retain such confidential
information.

## **18\. additional terms.**

18.1 in addition to this agreement, you, your administrators and linked
account users have to comply with the following additional terms when using
the skype software, the skype products and the skype website. we expect you to
read and comply with (and ensure that your administrators and linked account
users read and comply with) these additional terms carefully, all of which are
made part of this agreement:

if you want to use the skype api, then you will need to comply with the skype
api terms of use at [http://www.skype.com/en/legal/developer-tou/accessories-
terms](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/developer-tou/accessories-terms)/;

18.2 if you wish to do anything that is not permitted under this agreement or
by one of the above additional terms, you will have to obtain skype’s prior
written consent and explicitly agree upon any further terms.

18.3 your linked account users privacy: skype is committed to respecting the
privacy and confidentiality of the personal data of your linked account users.
the privacy policy at <https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/privacystatement/default.aspx> sets out how skype may use your linked
account users’ personal data, and the traffic data and the content contained
in you and your linked account users’ communication(s). if you object to your
linked account users’ personal data being used in the way set out in the
privacy policy then please do not use the skype software, skype products,
linked accounts and skype manager. you shall ensure that your linked account
users acknowledge and agree that (i) you, your administrators and skype may
have access to detailed information about the activity on a linked account
including the time, date, duration and destination number of calls made, and
(ii) that any personal information accessed by skype is processed in
accordance with the terms of skype’s privacy policy referred to above.

## **19\. export restrictions and government users**

19.1 export restrictions. skype software may be subject to international rules
that govern the export of software. you shall comply with all applicable
international and national laws that apply to the skype software as well as
end-user, end-use and destination restrictions issued by national governments.
this software is controlled under eccn 5d992.b.1 of the export administration
regulations (“ear”) per ccats # g047973 and thus may not be exported or re
exported to or downloaded by any person in any countries controlled for anti
terrorism reasons under the ear, which include iran, north korea, cuba, syria
and sudan. ear 742.15(a), title 15 code of federal regulations. moreover, the
software may not be exported or re exported to or downloaded by any person or
entity subject to us sanctions regardless of location. see [compliance and
enforcement](http://www.bis.doc.gov/complianceandenforcement/liststocheck.html)
and ear part 736. skype is making this software available to you for download
only on the condition that you certify that you are not such a person or
entity and that the download is not otherwise in violation of us export
control and sanctions regulations.

19.2 government users. the skype software and documentation are “commercial
computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,”
respectively, as such terms are used in united states federal acquisition
regulations section 12.212. any use, duplication or disclosure of the skype
software or the documentation by or on behalf of the u.s. government is
subject to restrictions as set forth in this agreement.

## **20\. product-specific terms**

20.1 skype number and skype to go

20.1.1 availability of skype number and skype to go number: if you are
eligible for, and have subscribed for a skype number or a skype to go number,
it will be made available for you to use as soon as reasonably possible after
you have completed the payment. in certain countries, the number may be made
available to you by skype’s partner instead of skype, and you may need to
enter into a separate agreement with such partner. you acknowledge and
understand that the availability and distribution of the number does not
constitute any transfer of any property or other rights with respect to the
numbers.

20.1.2 termination of numbers: skype is entitled to refuse to make available,
change or terminate any number made available to you at any time for any
reason, including but not limited to:

(i) if you or your administrators or linked account users don’t comply with
this agreement or any of the applicable additional terms;

(ii) if you or your administrators or linked account users don’t comply with
any instructions given by skype and/or its partners in relation to the skype
products; and/or

(iii) if the number is withdrawn, terminated or changed by skype or by any of
skype’s partners for any reason.

20.1.3 changes to numbers: in the event that skype changes the skype number or
skype to go number that has been made available to you, skype will send a
notification by email, stating the effective date of the change and your new
number. if you do not wish to accept this new number, you are entitled to
terminate your number, by contacting skype customer support via your skype
manager, with effect from the date on which the new number will be allocated
to you.

20.1.4 your co-operation: you agree that you will (and you shall ensure that
your administrators and linked account users will):

(i) comply with any reasonable instructions given by skype or skype's partners
with regard to the use of the numbers and the skype products including but not
limited to compliance with any terms of service of skype’s partners;

(ii) provide accurate and complete information with regard to your and your
linked account users’ place of residence and use of the number(s), and such
other information as may reasonably be required from time to time by skype.

20.2 subscriptions

20.2.1 you may purchase, allocate and pay for a subscription via your skype
manager. a subscription is a recurring product and therefore your purchase of
a subscription will result in recurring charges being applied at monthly,
quarterly or annual intervals (as defined by you at the time of purchase of
the subscription) until the subscription is terminated by you or by skype.

20.2.2 subscriptions are for individual use only. a subscription may only be
purchased for use with a linked account where the linked account is allocated
to a specific linked account user for individual use, and such linked account
user is prohibited from sharing the subscription with any other user. use of a
subscription for shared use with a business product is prohibited. you shall
ensure that your linked account users comply with these restrictions at all
times. if you purchase a subscription and allocate it to a consumer account or
a linked account in accordance with this paragraph 20.2.2, you are not able to
withdraw a subscription once allocated to a skype account.

20.2.3 fair usage. most subscriptions are subject to skype’s fair usage policy
at [http://www.skype.com/en/legal/fair-
usage/](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/fair-usage/). calls to phones and skype
to go calls are included in a subscription, subject to the fair usage policy.
skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time. changes
shall become effective when published on the skype website. your continued use
of your subscription after publication of the revised version shall constitute
your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised fair
usage policy.

20.2.4 changes to subscriptions. skype reserves the right to withdraw or
change the subscriptions at any time. if skype changes the skype products
included in a subscription, skype will send a notification by email, stating
the changes and their effective date. if you do not wish to accept these
changes, you are entitled to terminate the subscription by contacting skype
customer support via your skype manager, with effect from the date on which
the changes are due to take effect.

20.2.5 cancellation of subscriptions. you may cancel a subscription at any
time. once you have cancelled a subscription, the user to whom that
subscription was allocated may continue to use that subscription until the end
of the current billing period, at which point the subscription will be
terminated.

20.2.6 in the event that there is, or skype suspects that there is, any
fraudulent activity or misuse of a subscription by you and/or your linked
account users, skype reserves the right to terminate the subscription with
immediate effect and without a refund.

20.3 sms

20.3.1 this skype product is available to all linked account users. a linked
account user is charged per sms for all sms text messages sent from skype to
sms-enabled numbers worldwide – see
[http://www.skype.com/en/features/sms](https://www.skype.com/en/features/sms)
for full details of the functionality and destinations available.

20.3.2. sms is not available through certain applications.

20.3.3 you shall ensure that your linked account users shall not send any
unsolicited sms and/or sms containing commercial material or material over
which they do not have rights of dissemination.

20.3.4 each sms message has a limit of 160 characters. if a linked account
user types a longer message it will be broken down into several sms messages
and you will be charged accordingly for each message sent. if the linked
account user types a character that is not supported by the gsm character set,
the format of the sms may be converted to unicode, which is subject to a 70
character limit per message.

20.3.5 linked account users can send sms messages to more than one person at a
time (subject to any restrictions on the overall number of concurrent messages
that may be imposed by skype or its partners from time to time). however,
please note that you will be charged for each sms sent. you shall ensure that
your linked account users shall not send any unsolicited sms and/or sms
containing commercial material or material over which they do not have rights
of dissemination.

20.3.6 if skype cannot (for whatever reason) send an sms, its status will be
shown as “pending”. skype will continue to try and send the message for up to
24 hours and if we cannot properly send the message within this timeframe then
the sms charge will be refunded automatically.

20.4 calls to premium rate numbers

20.4.1 premium rate numbers. calls can be made to premium rate numbers in
order to get access to third party content. such content can consist of
information services, helpline services, entertainment, competition or other
types of content made available by third parties to your linked account users.

20.4.2.limited availability. calls may only be made to certain premium rate
numbers and skype may enable or disable premium rate numbers at any time at
its sole discretion.

20.4.3 responsibility for unauthorized use. you are solely responsible and
liable for all activities conducted through your linked accounts, including
any calls to premium rate numbers, even if such activities were to occur
without your permission.

20.4.4 subscriptions not applicable. please note that calls to premium rate
numbers are ratable products only and are not included in any subscriptions
even when calls to phones are covered by such subscriptions.

20.4.5 no responsibility for the content. all content delivered to you through
premium rate numbers is provided by third parties unrelated to skype. you
acknowledge that skype does not control, monitor or have knowledge of any part
of such content which is entirely the responsibility of the third party
service provider from whom it originates. that means it is possible that you
could be exposed to content that is offensive, harmful to minors, indecent or
otherwise objectionable.

20.4.6 support. if you encounter any problems upon calling premium rate
numbers, please contact skype customer support.

20.5 voice messages limits of usage. skype may from time to time introduce,
remove or amend limitations to the use of the voice messages skype product
including, without limitation, message storage time, number of messages and
message length.

20.6 group video calling

20.6.1 a fair usage policy applies at www.skype.com/go/terms.gvc.fairusage and
is incorporated herein by reference. skype reserves the right to change the
fair usage policy at any time. changes shall become effective when published
on the skype website. your continued use of group video calling after
publication on the skype website shall constitute your acceptance to be bound
by the terms and conditions of the revised fair usage policy.

20.6.2 number of participants. the number of permitted participants on a group
video call varies subject to system requirements. you can find more details at
www.skype.com/go/gvc.

20.6.3 audio conversion. if your group video call exceeds the fair usage
limit, then the call will convert from video to audio.

20.6.4 software versions. if a participant of a group video call is not on a
version of internet communications software that supports group video calls,
then the call will be an audio call only for that participant. for details of
the system requirements for group video calling, please see
www.skype.com/go/gvc

20.7 skype video messaging (“video messaging”)

20.7.1 if you are not a skype premium subscriber, the number of video messages
you can send are limited and will be subject to an expiry date.

20.7.2 fair use policy: this fup is designed to prevent fraud and abuse of
video messaging. video messaging is for personal, individual and non-
commercial use only, and to be in accordance with these terms at all times
(“legitimate use”). skype reserves the right to take any unlawful, prohibited,
abnormal or unusual activity into account in making its determination as to
whether your activity does not constitute legitimate use. skype may in its
option, terminate its relationship with you, or suspend your account
immediately if it determines you are using video messaging contrary to this
fup or these terms.

## **21\. skype on a mobile**

21.1 using skype software mobile applications where available, linked account
users are able to use some of the skype products (such as calling phones,
internet messaging (chatting), and making and/or receiving of skype-to-skype
calls), through the skype mobile application and through other skype software
mobile applications. the use of skype software through mobile applications is
only available to certain users. check [http://www.skype.com/en/download-
skype/skype-for-mobile/](https://www.skype.com/en/download-skype/skype-for-
mobile/) for functionality available to you. skype reserves the right to add
or withdraw functionality available for skype software mobile applications at
any time. to enable and use skype software mobile applications, your linked
account users will need access to a cellular data network. they will also need
to download and install the appropriate mobile/cellular version of skype
software onto their mobile device.

21.2 skype partners. parts of the functionality for skype software mobile
applications may at times be offered to you by skype's partner instead of
skype, in which case you may be required to enter into a separate agreement
with such partner.

21.3 charges. communications on skype software mobile applications will use
some of the data allowance available on the data package for which the linked
account user has subscribed with their mobile network operator.

21.4 limited availability and usage it is possible that some of the
functionality for skype software mobile applications is not available
globally. furthermore, it is possible that usage of skype software mobile
applications is cost effective within defined territories only. you understand
that it is in your own interest to use and allow your linked account users to
use skype software mobile applications only as recommended by skype. out-of-
country usage may lead to significantly higher costs than regular usage, and
you are solely responsible for keeping yourself and your linked account users
informed, and paying for possible roaming and other applicable charges levied
by mobile network operators.

21.5 calling party identifier you understand and agree that if a linked
account user makes a call using a skype software mobile application, the
recipient of the call may see either the user’s skype id or their mobile/cell
phone number.

## **22\. miscellaneous**

22.1 entire agreement the terms and conditions of this agreement constitute
the entire agreement between you and skype with respect to the subject matter
hereof and will supersede and replace all prior understandings and agreements,
in whatever form, regarding the subject matter.

22.2 partial invalidity if any provision of this agreement, or any part of a
provision, is found by any court or administrative body of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, and the provision (or
part-provision) in question is not of a fundamental nature to the agreement as
a whole, the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of the
agreement (including the remainder of the term which contains the relevant
provision) shall not be affected.

22.3 no waiver the failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, a right, power
or remedy provided by the agreement or by law shall not constitute a waiver of
that right, power or remedy. if skype waives a breach of any provision of the
agreement this shall not operate as a waiver of a subsequent breach of that
provision, or as a waiver of a breach of any other provision.

22.4 assignment you are not allowed to assign the agreement or any rights
hereunder. skype is allowed at its sole discretion to assign the agreement or
any rights hereunder to any third party, without giving prior notice.

22.5 applicable law and competent court this agreement shall be governed by
and interpreted in accordance with the laws of california and shall be subject
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of santa clara county, california,
and construed in accordance with the english language.

22.6 language the original english version of the agreement may have been
translated into other languages. in the event of inconsistency or discrepancy
between the english version and any other language version, the english
language version shall prevail.

22.7 survival the terms of 14 and 15 of this agreement, and any other
provision of the additional terms which are expressed to survive or operate in
the event of termination, shall survive termination of this agreement and the
applicable additional terms for whatever reason.

22.8 avc/h.264 notice. if the skype software is used to make video calls (i)
between a personal computer and a device that is not a personal computer or
(ii) between devices that are not personal computers, the avc/h.264 codec may
be used to facilitate video functionality in which case the following notice
applies: the avc video functionality in this product is licensed under the avc
patent portfolio license for the personal and noncommercial use of a consumer
to (i) encode video in compliance with the avc standard (“avc video”) and/or
(ii) decode avc video that was encoded by a consumer engaged in a personal and
non-commercial activity and/or was obtained from a video provider licensed to
provide avc video. no license is granted or shall be implied for any other
use. additional information may be obtained from mpeg la, l.l.c. see
[http://www.mpegla.com](http://www.mpegla.com).

© skype and/or microsoft corp. last revised: june 2018

  * [ facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/skype "follow skype on facebook")
  * [ twitter ](https://twitter.com/skype "follow skype on twitter")
  * [ youtube ](https://www.youtube.com/skype "follow skype on youtube")
  * [ blogs ](https://skype.com/en/blogs "follow skype on blogs")

**no emergency calls with skype**  
skype is not a replacement for your telephone and can't be used for emergency
calling

english
englishعربيбългарскиčeskydanskdeutschελληνικάespañoleestisuomifrançaisעבריתहिन्दीmagyarbahasa
indonesiaitaliano日本語한국어nederlandsnorskpolskiportuguêsportuguês
(brasil)românăрусскийsvenskatürkçeукраїнська中文（简体)中文 (繁體)

what's new

  * [surface duo](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/devices/surface-duo)
  * [surface laptop go](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-laptop-go/94fc0bdgq7wv)
  * [surface pro x](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-pro-x/8qg3bmrhnwhk)
  * [surface go 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-go-2/8pt3s2vjmdr6)
  * [surface book 3](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-book-3/8xbw9g3z71f1)
  * [microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365)
  * [windows 10 apps](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-10-apps)
  * [hololens 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens)

microsoft store

  * [account profile](https://account.microsoft.com/)
  * [download center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
  * [microsoft store support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2139749)
  * [returns](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=824764&clcid=0x409)
  * [order tracking](https://account.microsoft.com/orders)
  * [virtual workshops and training](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/workshops-training-and-events?icid=vl_uf_932020)
  * [microsoft store promise](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/why-microsoft-store?icid=footer_why-msft-store_7102020)
  * [financing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/financing?icid=footer_financing_10142020)

education

  * [microsoft in education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education)
  * [office for students](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/products/office/default.aspx)
  * [office 365 for schools](https://products.office.com/en-us/academic/compare-office-365-education-plans)
  * [deals for students & parents](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/education?icid=cnavfooter_studentsandeducation)
  * [microsoft azure in education](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/community/education/)

enterprise

  * [azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/)
  * [appsource ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=808093)
  * [automotive](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/automotive)
  * [government](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/government)
  * [healthcare](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/health)
  * [manufacturing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/manufacturing)
  * [financial services](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/financial-services/banking-and-capital-markets)
  * [retail](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/retail-consumer-goods)

developer

  * [microsoft visual studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
  * [windows dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
  * [developer center](https://developer.microsoft.com/)
  * [microsoft developer program](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/store/register)
  * [channel 9](https://channel9.msdn.com/)
  * [office dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/office)
  * [microsoft garage](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/garage/)

company

  * [careers](https://careers.microsoft.com/)
  * [about microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/about)
  * [company news](https://news.microsoft.com/)
  * [privacy at microsoft](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us)
  * [investors](https://www.microsoft.com/investor/default.aspx)
  * [diversity and inclusion](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/diversity/)
  * [accessibility](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/accessibility)
  * [security](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/default.aspx)

[english (united states)](https://www.microsoft.com/locale.aspx)

  * [sitemap](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sitemap1.aspx)
  * [contact us](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/contactus)
  * [privacy](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=521839)
  * manage cookies
  * [terms of use](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=246338)
  * [trademarks](https://www.microsoft.com/trademarks)
  * [about our ads](https://choice.microsoft.com)
  * [eu contract summary](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/ee-communications-code)
  * [legal](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/)
  * (c) microsoft 2021

