[skip to main content](javascript:void\(0\))

[
![](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/images/logos/re1mu3b.png)
microsoft ](https://www.microsoft.com)

skype

[ skype ](https://www.skype.com)

skype

  * [ home ](https://www.skype.com)
  * [downloads](https://www.skype.com/en/get-skype/)
  * [skype to phone](https://www.skype.com/en/international-calls/)
  * [skype number](https://www.skype.com/en/skype-number/)
  * [features](https://www.skype.com/en/features/)
  * products
    * [meet now](https://www.skype.com/en/free-conference-call)
    * [skype manager](https://www.skype.com/en/skype-manager/)
    * [skype with alexa](https://www.skype.com/en/alexa/)
    * [skype for content creators](https://www.skype.com/en/content-creators/)
    * [skype for business](https://www.skype.com/en/business/)

  * get help
    * [skype support](https://support.skype.com)
    * [blogs](https://go.skype.com/blogs.skype)
    * [community](https://go.skype.com/community/)
    * [about skype](https://www.skype.com/en/about/)

  * [my account](https://go.skype.com/myaccount)
  * [join us](//go.skype.com/joinskype/)
  * more

  * [ host a meeting ](https://go.skype.com/meetnow.accessurl "host a meeting")
  * 
  * sign in my skype ![avatar]()
    * [my account](https://go.skype.com/myaccount)
    * [use skype online](https://go.skype.com/sfw)
    * [ new to skype? sign up ](https://go.skype.com/signup?client_id=578134&redirect_uri=https%3a%2f%2fweb.skype.com&source=scomnav)
    * [sign out](https://go.skype.com/logout)

# skype trademark & brand guidelines

# skype trademark & brand guidelines

the purpose of this document is to provide guidelines on how to use the skype
brand assets, which include:

  * our trademarks such as the skype logo, the skype icon, and the skype product name
  * the sounds you hear when using skype (for example, skype calling sound)
  * skype user interfaces (how skype appears on your desktop or mobile device screen)

these guidelines apply only to skype, not skype for business. if you have a
skype for business brand question, contact [skype brand
help](https://go.skype.com/skype.brand.help "skype brand help").

[ download skype brand guidelines
](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/pdf/skype_brand_guidelines.pdf
"download skype brand guidelines")

## usage requirements

thank you for your interest in using the skype brand assets. we created the
skype trademark & brand guidelines to have manage and protect the value of the
brand. by using any of the skype brand assets, you expressly consent to be
bound by these guidelines.

if you have an existing agreement with microsoft or skype, check that first to
determine if your desired use of our skype brand assets is covered. if there
is any conflict between these guidelines and the terms of your agreement, then
the terms of your agreement will govern, and you should follow those.

if no agreement exists or if the proposed use doesn’t fall within the scope of
your existing agreement, check if the use falls within the [microsoft
trademark guidelines & brand guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx "microsoft
trademark guidelines & brand guidelines").

finally, if the use is not covered in any of the above or you are not sure,
you may directly request a separate license from microsoft. such license must
be initiated and approved by the microsoft business owner who you are working
with. if you do not have a business owner contact, contact [skype brand
help](https://go.skype.com/skype.brand.help "skype brand help") to get
started.

## icon usage

 **general usage**

do not use the full skype logo under any circumstances.

do not alter the skype logo or icon artwork provided to you in any way,
including changing the colors, angle, or dimensions or relationship between
elements.

ensure the skype logo or icon stands out from the surrounding text or
background and is legible.

do not alter the skype word or change its format. do not add text to or
abbreviate skype word in any way.

do not add sounds to the skype icon experience.

altering the skype logos and icons in any way is prohibited.

if, when using the skype brand assets, you include a trademark credit to give
notice of your own trademarks or other third-party trademarks, we ask that you
add the following wording: _“all other trademarks are the property of their
respective owners.”_

skype logo

![skype color
logo](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/legal/brand-
guidelines/dont-use-full-skype-logo.svg)

skype logo

![skype color
icon](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/legal/brand-
guidelines/logo_skype_old_cross.svg)

skype icon

![skype color
icon](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/legal/brand-
guidelines/skype-icon.svg)

## prohibited uses

you must not incorporate any of the skype brand assets, or variations of them,
into your own product features, product names, service names, trademarks,
logos, company names, domain names, or social media accounts unless otherwise
permitted by the [microsoft trademark & brand
guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx "microsoft
trademark & brand guidelines").

you must not adopt marks, logos, or any other features that are confusingly
similar to the skype brand assets, and you must not market any product or
service under a name that is confusingly similar to skype products.

you must not copy or imitate the skype trade dress, “look and feel”, or other
identifiable and unique visual elements of the skype brand assets or
www.skype.com website, including (but not limited to) the color combinations,
graphics, sounds, imagery, presence icons, typefaces, or stylization used by
skype (or anything similar thereto).

you must not use the skype brand assets in relation to products or services or
on websites that may be considered sexually explicit, vulgar, profane, or
offensive; obscene, defamatory, libelous, slanderous or otherwise unlawful; or
religiously or racially offensive or otherwise promoting hate towards
individuals or groups; or that violates any applicable laws or is otherwise
objectionable to skype, as determined by skype in its sole discretion.

you must not use any skype brand assets in any way that expresses or implies
affiliation, association, sponsorship, endorsement, certification, or approval
with or by skype or microsoft.

make sure that any references to skype are truthful, accurate, fair, and not
misleading or in any way objectionable (as determined by skype).

you must not use any skype trademarks as a keyword or search term in or for
search advertisements.

## permitted uses of skype brand assets

 **use of the name “skype” in copy**

follow the [microsoft trademark & brand
guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx "microsoft
trademark & brand guidelines"). avoid using any logo, icon, tagline, or other
features of the skype brand assets in copy.

while the name skype and the app icon are registered trademarks of the
microsoft group of companies, there is no need to use the trademark bug ™ or
the ® symbol when using them, unless microsoft has expressly asked you to do
so. when using “skype” or any other skype trademark in text, do one or more of
the following:

  * capitalize the first letter of the name, skype
  * put the whole name in capital letters, skype
  * put the whole name in italics, _skype_
  * put the whole name in quotation marks, “skype”

use the skype name only as an adjective or proper noun, not as a verb.

**correct use**

“the skype software provides internet communications products.”

“i use the skype software."

“let’s talk with skype.”

**incorrect use**

“i use the
![skype](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/legal/brand-
guidelines/skype-logo-full.svg) software.”

“i’m going to skype my friend.”

“let’s skype.”

**business stationery and skype contact details**

follow the [microsoft trademark & brand
guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx "microsoft
trademark & brand guidelines"). use the skype app icon next to your skype
username to show that you can be contacted via skype.

only the app icon should be used to denote skype contact details.

the app icon should be small and placed appropriately with your other contact
methods (and no more prominently than other contact methods).

you may also create an official ["contact
me"](https://www.skype.com/en/developer/create-contactme-buttons/) button

**correct use**

![skype](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/legal/brand-
guidelines/skype-icon.svg) [your skype name]

**websites that offer lessons**

the skype name may be used only to communicate that lessons can be provided
using the skype app. no other uses are allowed unless permitted under these
guidelines.

you may mention "skype" in copy, but be sure to follow permitted uses of skype
brand assets elsewhere in this section. use of the name cannot imply
affiliation, association, sponsorship, endorsement, certification, or approval
with or by skype or microsoft. microsoft may withdraw the right to use the
skype name where, in its sole discretion, it deems that such use may have a
detrimental effect on the skype brand.

**school reports and projects**

you may use images of skype products in reports for school or
college/university. if the images contain third-party content (e.g. third-
party logos, photos, etc.) then you may need additional permission from the
third party to use such content.

if these projects may be published, you must get permission by [skype brand
help](https://go.skype.com/skype.brand.help "skype brand help") before using
any of the skype brand assets or images.

**publications, seminars, and conferences**

refer to the [microsoft trademark & brand
guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx "microsoft
trademark & brand guidelines") and the [publications, seminars, & conferences
guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/publications.aspx
"publications, seminars, & conferences guidelines").

you must include the following notice in legible print:

“[list the skype brand assets being used [is/are] [a] trade mark or other
intellectual property of the microsoft group of companies and [name of
publication] is not affiliated, sponsored, authorized, or otherwise associated
with or by the microsoft group of companies.”

don’t use the skype name as the leading word or most prominent element in your
publication, seminar, or conference title.

**broadcasts, movies, and podcasts**

if you want to use skype in a broadcast, movie, or podcast, you may be
required to use certain skype brand assets to indicate this use. unless you
have a separate agreement with microsoft or skype that allows such use, you
must follow the [broadcast terms of
service](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/broadcast).

for all broadcast requests, contact [skype brand
help](https://go.skype.com/skype.brand.help "skype brand help").

**use by developers**

**desktop api:** use of the skype desktop api is subject to your agreement of
the skype desktop api terms of use at: . subject to those terms and these
rules, you are then permitted to refer to your product’s compatibility with
skype.

**using uris to build skype actions:** you may use the sample uris available
at [skype uris](http://developer.skype.com/skype-uris) or create your own
solely to enable people to launch a skype application or a skype action.

you must not call your application skype, anything like skype, or use the
skype logo or icon, and you must comply with these guidelines.

you must regularly monitor these websites to ensure that your use conforms to
any guidelines or terms.

your ui must not mimic the skype ui or imply a microsoft and/or skype
partnership with or sponsorship of your product.

## faqs

q: **can i use a screen shot of a skype product boot-up screen, opening
screen, “splash screen,” screen from beta release products, or other products
that have not been commercially released?**

a: please contact us to request permission. even with permisson, you must not:

  * alter the screen shot except to resize it
  * use portions of screen shots
  * include screen shots in your product user interface
  * use screen shots that contain third-party content (unless you have permission from the relevant third party to use the content)
  * use screen shots that contain an image of an identifiable individual

q: **can i link to the skype.com website from my own site?**

a: you may link to the skype.com website from another website owned by you,
provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not or could not
(to be determined in skype’s sole discretion) damage our reputation or take
advantage of it. you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any
form of association, approval, or endorsement by skype where none exists.

q: **can i use the sounds you hear when using skype?**

a: no, sorry. we do not allow people to use the skype sounds unless they are
to be used when skype is being shown in a broadcast scenario. if you wish to
use the skype sounds in this context, please see the permitted uses of skype
brand assets.

q: **can i add the skype website to my website?**

a: no, you may not frame the site on any other site.

q: **can i advertise on skype?**

a: you may submit your request for rates and to adverting on skype to
[microsoft advertising](http://advertising.microsoft.com/home) (choose the
oath advertising option).

still have a question about using a skype brand asset? contact us at [skype
brand help](https://go.skype.com/skype.brand.help "skype brand help"). we’re
always happy to help.

[ download skype brand guidelines
](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/pdf/skype_brand_guidelines.pdf
"download skype brand guidelines")

  * [ facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/skype "follow skype on facebook")
  * [ twitter ](https://twitter.com/skype "follow skype on twitter")
  * [ youtube ](https://www.youtube.com/skype "follow skype on youtube")
  * [ blogs ](https://skype.com/en/blogs "follow skype on blogs")

**no emergency calls with skype**  
skype is not a replacement for your telephone and can't be used for emergency
calling

english
englishعربيбългарскиčeskydanskdeutschελληνικάespañoleestisuomifrançaisעבריתहिन्दीmagyarbahasa
indonesiaitaliano日本語한국어nederlandsnorskpolskiportuguêsportuguês
(brasil)românăрусскийsvenskatürkçeукраїнська中文（简体)中文 (繁體)

what's new

  * [surface duo](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/devices/surface-duo)
  * [surface laptop go](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-laptop-go/94fc0bdgq7wv)
  * [surface pro x](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-pro-x/8qg3bmrhnwhk)
  * [surface go 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-go-2/8pt3s2vjmdr6)
  * [surface book 3](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-book-3/8xbw9g3z71f1)
  * [microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365)
  * [windows 10 apps](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-10-apps)
  * [hololens 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens)

microsoft store

  * [account profile](https://account.microsoft.com/)
  * [download center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
  * [microsoft store support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2139749)
  * [returns](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=824764&clcid=0x409)
  * [order tracking](https://account.microsoft.com/orders)
  * [virtual workshops and training](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/workshops-training-and-events?icid=vl_uf_932020)
  * [microsoft store promise](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/why-microsoft-store?icid=footer_why-msft-store_7102020)
  * [financing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/financing?icid=footer_financing_10142020)

education

  * [microsoft in education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education)
  * [office for students](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/products/office/default.aspx)
  * [office 365 for schools](https://products.office.com/en-us/academic/compare-office-365-education-plans)
  * [deals for students & parents](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/education?icid=cnavfooter_studentsandeducation)
  * [microsoft azure in education](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/community/education/)

enterprise

  * [azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/)
  * [appsource ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=808093)
  * [automotive](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/automotive)
  * [government](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/government)
  * [healthcare](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/health)
  * [manufacturing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/manufacturing)
  * [financial services](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/financial-services/banking-and-capital-markets)
  * [retail](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/retail-consumer-goods)

developer

  * [microsoft visual studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
  * [windows dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
  * [developer center](https://developer.microsoft.com/)
  * [microsoft developer program](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/store/register)
  * [channel 9](https://channel9.msdn.com/)
  * [office dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/office)
  * [microsoft garage](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/garage/)

company

  * [careers](https://careers.microsoft.com/)
  * [about microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/about)
  * [company news](https://news.microsoft.com/)
  * [privacy at microsoft](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us)
  * [investors](https://www.microsoft.com/investor/default.aspx)
  * [diversity and inclusion](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/diversity/)
  * [accessibility](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/accessibility)
  * [security](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/default.aspx)

[english (united states)](https://www.microsoft.com/locale.aspx)

  * [sitemap](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sitemap1.aspx)
  * [contact us](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/contactus)
  * [privacy](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=521839)
  * manage cookies
  * [terms of use](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=246338)
  * [trademarks](https://www.microsoft.com/trademarks)
  * [about our ads](https://choice.microsoft.com)
  * [eu contract summary](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/ee-communications-code)
  * [legal](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/)
  * (c) microsoft 2021

