[skip to main content](javascript:void\(0\))

[
![](https://secure.skypeassets.com/content/dam/scom/images/logos/re1mu3b.png)
microsoft ](https://www.microsoft.com)

skype

[ skype ](https://www.skype.com)

skype

  * [ home ](https://www.skype.com)
  * [downloads](https://www.skype.com/en/get-skype/)
  * [skype to phone](https://www.skype.com/en/international-calls/)
  * [skype number](https://www.skype.com/en/skype-number/)
  * [features](https://www.skype.com/en/features/)
  * products
    * [meet now](https://www.skype.com/en/free-conference-call)
    * [skype manager](https://www.skype.com/en/skype-manager/)
    * [skype with alexa](https://www.skype.com/en/alexa/)
    * [skype for content creators](https://www.skype.com/en/content-creators/)
    * [skype for business](https://www.skype.com/en/business/)

  * get help
    * [skype support](https://support.skype.com)
    * [blogs](https://go.skype.com/blogs.skype)
    * [community](https://go.skype.com/community/)
    * [about skype](https://www.skype.com/en/about/)

  * [my account](https://go.skype.com/myaccount)
  * [join us](//go.skype.com/joinskype/)
  * more

  * [ host a meeting ](https://go.skype.com/meetnow.accessurl "host a meeting")
  * 
  * sign in my skype ![avatar]()
    * [my account](https://go.skype.com/myaccount)
    * [use skype online](https://go.skype.com/sfw)
    * [ new to skype? sign up ](https://go.skype.com/signup?client_id=578134&redirect_uri=https%3a%2f%2fweb.skype.com&source=scomnav)
    * [sign out](https://go.skype.com/logout)

#  fair usage policy

skype’s fair usage policy (“fup”) is designed to prevent fraud and abuse of
our products. skype’s products are for individual use only in accordance with
the microsoft services agreement and this fup (“legitimate use”). the
following is a non-exhaustive list of practices that would not be considered
legitimate use:

  * using subscriptions for telemarketing or call centre operations;
  * re-selling subscription minutes;
  * sharing subscriptions between users whether via a pbx, call centre, computer or any other means;
  * calling numbers (whether singly, sequentially or automatically) to generate income for yourself or others as a result of placing the call, other than for your individual business communications: and
  * unusual calling patterns inconsistent with normal, individual subscription use, for example, regular calls of short duration or calls to multiple numbers in a short period of time.

other practices may be relevant in determining legitimate use and skype
reserves the right to take any unlawful, prohibited, abnormal or unusual
activity into account in making its determination. skype may at its option,
terminate or suspend its relationship with you, and your use of any skype
product immediately if it determines you are using the product contrary to
this fup.

### subscriptions

subject to this fup, skype’s unlimited subscriptions allow unlimited calls to
landlines in the applicable subscription countries (excluding special,
premium, service and non-geographic numbers) for the time period specified at
the time of purchase. unlimited calls to mobiles may also be included where
stated at the time of purchase. all calls will be disconnected and require a
re-dial after a 4-hour duration.

### group video calling

group video calls are subject to a fair usage limit of 100 hours per month
with no more than 10 hours per day and a limit of 4 hours per individual video
call. once these limits have been reached, the video will switch off and the
call will convert to an audio call. if a participant of a group video call is
not on a version of internet communications software that supports group video
calls, then the call will be an audio call only for that participant. the
number of permitted participants on a group video call varies from 3 to a
maximum of 100, depending upon device and associated system requirements. you
can find more details at [www.skype.com/go/gvc](https://go.skype.com/gvc).

### calling landlines and mobiles using skype credit

all calls will be disconnected and require a re-dial after a 4-hour duration
and an additional connection fee will be charged on re-dial.

### sms

each sms message has a limit of 160 characters. if you type a longer message
it will be broken down into several sms messages and you will be charged for
each message sent. if you send sms messages to more than one person you will
be charged for each sms sent to each recipient. if skype cannot (for whatever
reason) send your sms, skype will continue to try to send the message for up
to 24 hours after which time the sms charge will be refunded to your skype
credit balance automatically if delivery is unsuccessful.

### video messages

subject to this fair usage policy, there are no limits on the number of video
messages you can send. if you are not a skype premium subscriber, video
messages will be kept for a minimum of 6 months from the date sent and may
expire after that time.

### reverse charge calls

reverse charge calls last no more than 60 minutes, after which time a re-dial
will be required by you.

  * [ facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/skype "follow skype on facebook")
  * [ twitter ](https://twitter.com/skype "follow skype on twitter")
  * [ youtube ](https://www.youtube.com/skype "follow skype on youtube")
  * [ blogs ](https://skype.com/en/blogs "follow skype on blogs")

**no emergency calls with skype**  
skype is not a replacement for your telephone and can't be used for emergency
calling

english
englishعربيбългарскиčeskydanskdeutschελληνικάespañoleestisuomifrançaisעבריתहिन्दीmagyarbahasa
indonesiaitaliano日本語한국어nederlandsnorskpolskiportuguêsportuguês
(brasil)românăрусскийsvenskatürkçeукраїнська中文（简体)中文 (繁體)

what's new

  * [surface duo](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface/devices/surface-duo)
  * [surface laptop go](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-laptop-go/94fc0bdgq7wv)
  * [surface pro x](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-pro-x/8qg3bmrhnwhk)
  * [surface go 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-go-2/8pt3s2vjmdr6)
  * [surface book 3](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-book-3/8xbw9g3z71f1)
  * [microsoft 365](https://www.microsoft.com/microsoft-365)
  * [windows 10 apps](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-10-apps)
  * [hololens 2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/hololens)

microsoft store

  * [account profile](https://account.microsoft.com/)
  * [download center](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
  * [microsoft store support](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2139749)
  * [returns](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=824764&clcid=0x409)
  * [order tracking](https://account.microsoft.com/orders)
  * [virtual workshops and training](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/workshops-training-and-events?icid=vl_uf_932020)
  * [microsoft store promise](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/why-microsoft-store?icid=footer_why-msft-store_7102020)
  * [financing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/financing?icid=footer_financing_10142020)

education

  * [microsoft in education](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education)
  * [office for students](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/products/office/default.aspx)
  * [office 365 for schools](https://products.office.com/en-us/academic/compare-office-365-education-plans)
  * [deals for students & parents](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/education?icid=cnavfooter_studentsandeducation)
  * [microsoft azure in education](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/community/education/)

enterprise

  * [azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/)
  * [appsource ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=808093)
  * [automotive](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/automotive)
  * [government](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/government)
  * [healthcare](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/health)
  * [manufacturing](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/manufacturing)
  * [financial services](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/financial-services/banking-and-capital-markets)
  * [retail](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/retail-consumer-goods)

developer

  * [microsoft visual studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
  * [windows dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
  * [developer center](https://developer.microsoft.com/)
  * [microsoft developer program](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/store/register)
  * [channel 9](https://channel9.msdn.com/)
  * [office dev center](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/office)
  * [microsoft garage](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/garage/)

company

  * [careers](https://careers.microsoft.com/)
  * [about microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/about)
  * [company news](https://news.microsoft.com/)
  * [privacy at microsoft](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us)
  * [investors](https://www.microsoft.com/investor/default.aspx)
  * [diversity and inclusion](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/diversity/)
  * [accessibility](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/accessibility)
  * [security](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/default.aspx)

[english (united states)](https://www.microsoft.com/locale.aspx)

  * [sitemap](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sitemap1.aspx)
  * [contact us](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/contactus)
  * [privacy](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=521839)
  * manage cookies
  * [terms of use](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=246338)
  * [trademarks](https://www.microsoft.com/trademarks)
  * [about our ads](https://choice.microsoft.com)
  * [eu contract summary](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/ee-communications-code)
  * [legal](https://www.skype.com/en/legal/)
  * (c) microsoft 2021

