

[softpedia®](https://www.softpedia.com/ "softpedia")

  * [__  windows](https://win.softpedia.com/ "windows software")
  * [__  drivers](https://drivers.softpedia.com/ "windows device drivers")
  * [__  games](https://games.softpedia.com/ "video games and tools")
  * [__  mac](https://mac.softpedia.com/ "mac apps")
  * [__  android apk](https://mobile.softpedia.com/apk/ "android apps \(apk\)")
  * [__  linux](https://linux.softpedia.com/ "linux software")
  * [__  news & reviews](https://news.softpedia.com/ "technology news")

  *   *   * 

3,397,210,774 served downloads

37 new items today

1,287,990 items total

# privacy policy

_(updated december 30th, 2019; effective january 1, 2020)_

### introduction

**purpose of this privacy notice**  

this privacy notice informs you as to how we collect, process and look after
your personal data in the course of interacting with us, whether by visiting
this website, signing up for an account or otherwise, and tells you about your
privacy rights and how the law protects you.

this website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data
relating to children.

**data controller**  

we are softnews net srl, based in bucharest, romania (eu), henceforth referred
to as "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy policy. in respect of your personal
data, we are the data controller, in accordance with the provisions of (ro)
law 677/2001 regarding collection and circulation of personal data and (eu)
regulation 2016/679 regarding the protection of personal data.

before you create an account on this site, you will need to accept our [terms
and conditions](http://www.softpedia.com/user/terms.shtml).

if you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to
exercise your legal rights, please contact dpo@softnews.ro. this is your email
contact in respect of all queries relating to your data protection rights and
we aim to respond promptly to all such emails.

**changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes**  

this version was last updated on 24th of may 2018. it is important that the
personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. please keep us
informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us, which
you can do through your account.

**third-party links**  

this website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and
applications. clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow
third parties to collect or share data about you. we do not control these
third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
when you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of
every website you visit.

* * *

### the data we collect about you

personal data, or personal information, means any information about an
individual from which that person can be identified. it does not include data
where the identity has been removed (anonymous or anonymized data).

we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about
you which we have grouped together follows:

  * contact data: email address 
  * user account data: your username and password 
  * technical data: includes internet protocol (ip) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website 
  * usage data: includes information about your use of our website, products including the full uniform resource locators (url) clicked, through and from our website (including date and time); elements you viewed or words you searched for; page response times; download errors; length of visits; interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) 
  * communications data: includes emails and notes of conversations, if you choose contact us and provide information for us to reply 

we also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or
demographic data for any purpose. aggregated data may be derived from your
personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. for example, we may aggregate
your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific
website feature. however, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your
personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the
combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this
privacy notice.

**if you fail to provide personal data**  

where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a
contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we
may not be able to deliver the product you have ordered but we will notify you
if this is the case.

* * *

### how is your personal data collected?

we use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:

  * direct interactions: you may give us contact information when submitting information through the website or by corresponding with us email or otherwise. this includes personal data you provide when you create an account on our website or give us feedback. 
  * automated technologies or interactions: as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. we collect this personal data by using cookies, and other similar technologies. 

* * *

### how we use your personal data

we will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. most commonly,
we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:

  * where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. 
  * where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. 

your data is never used for marketing purposes or transferred to a third
party, unless you provide explicit consent. your data is never sold to a third
party, under any circumstances except the acquisition of softnews net srl by
another company.

**purposes for which we will use your personal data**  

a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of
the legal bases we rely on to do so can be found below. we have also
identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. note that we
may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on
the specific purpose for which we are using your data.

1\. user registration and authentication (log in)  
data processed: contact data, user account data  
lawful basis: legitimate interest

2\. to manage our relationship with you (for example, sending you
notifications about applications saved in your watchlist, if and only if you
choose to receive them)  
data processed: contact data  
lawful basis: performance of a contract, legitimate interest

3\. to enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey  
data processed: contact data  
lawful basis: legitimate interest

4\. to administer and protect our business and this website (including
troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support,
reporting and hosting of data)  
data processed: technical data, usage data  
lawful basis: lawful obligation, legitimate interest

5\. to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure
or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you  
data processed: usage data  
lawful basis: legitimate interest

6\. to use data analytics to improve our website  
data processed: technical data, usage data  
lawful basis: legitimate interest

you will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested
information from us or purchased products from us and, in each case, you have
not opted out of receiving that marketing.

**opting out**  

we strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses,
particularly around marketing and advertising.

you can ask us to stop sending you email notifications about applications on
your watchlist by accessing your account and unchecking the corresponding box.
note that these notifications are not commercial by nature as they only
contain a link to the application’s page on softpedia and are only send when
applications receive updates.

for a full list of opt-out methods see the bottom of this page.

**third-party marketing**  

we will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data
with any third party company for marketing purposes.

**cookies**  

you can set your browser to refuse all or some of the browser cookies, or to
alert you when websites set or access cookies. if you disable or refuse
cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible
or not function properly. for more information about the cookies we use,
please see our [cookies policy](http://www.softpedia.com/user/cookies.shtml).

* * *

### disclosures of your personal data

we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and
to treat it in accordance with the law. we do not allow our third-party
service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only
permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in
accordance with our instructions.

* * *

### international transfers

some of our external third parties are based outside the european economic
area (eea) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer
of data outside the eea. whenever we transfer your personal data out of the
eea, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at
least one of the following safeguards is implemented:

we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to
provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the european
commission. for further details, see european commission: adequacy of the
protection of personal data in non-eu countries.

where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they
are part of the privacy shield which requires them to provide similar
protection to personal data shared between the europe and the us. for further
details, see european commission: eu-us privacy shield.

* * *

### data security

we have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal
data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way,
altered or disclosed. in addition, we limit access to your personal data to
those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a
business need to know. they will only process your personal data on our
instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.

we have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data
breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we
are legally required to do so.

* * *

### data retention

we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the
purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any
legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.

to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider
the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk
of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the
purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve
those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.

in some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see “request
erasure” below for further information.

in some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data (so that it can no
longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which
case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.

* * *

### specific legal rights for users located in the [eea
region](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_economic_area) (gdpr)

you may contact our data protection officer at dpo@softnews.ro for more
information or to exercise any of these rights:

1\. request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject
access request"). this enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we
hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.

2\. request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. this
enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you
corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you
provide to us.

3\. request erasure of your personal data. this enables you to ask us to
delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing
to process it. you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your
personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to
processing (see below), where we may have processed your information
unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with
local law. note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your
request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you,
if applicable, at the time of your request.

4\. object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a
legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about
your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this
ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. you
also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for
direct marketing purposes. in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have
compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your
rights and freedoms.

5\. request restriction of processing of your personal data. this enables you
to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following
scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our
use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you
need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to
establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our
use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate
grounds to use it.

6\. request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. we
will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a
structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. note that this right only
applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us
to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.

**exercising these rights**  

use our [dsr (data subject request) form](http://www.softpedia.com/dsr/) or
send an email to dpo@softnews.ro

you also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the
[anspdcp](https://www.dataprotection.ro/), the romanian supervisory authority
for data protection issues. we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal
with your concerns about data protection before you approach the authority so
please contact us in the first instance.

**no fee usually required**  

you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise
any of the other rights).

**what we may need from you**  

we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your
identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise
any of your other rights). this is a security measure to ensure that personal
data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. we may
also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your
request to speed up our response.

**time limit to respond**  

we try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. occasionally it
may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you
have made a number of requests. in this case, we will notify you and keep you
updated.

* * *

### specific legal rights for users located in california, united states of
america (ccpa)

the california consumer privacy act, cal. civ. code §1798.100 et. seq.
(“ccpa”), grants residents of california certain rights with respect to their
personal information and requires us to provide such individuals with certain
information, described below.

1\. california residents may exercise the following rights by contacting our
privacy policy coordinator by email at dpo@softnews.ro:

  * know the ways in which we acquire, use, share, disclose and otherwise process your personal information;
  * know the specific pieces of your personal information that we hold;
  * request the deletion of your personal information, subject to several exceptions;
  * not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights

2\. california residents also have the right to opt-out of the “sale” of their
personal information. we put “sale” in quotation marks because the ccpa
considers some transfers of personal information to third parties in exchange
for value as “sales,” even if no money changes hands, such as when online
identifiers, device ids, and other information is shared with third party
businesses to further their own commercial purposes such as generating
profiles about individuals. . if we have actual knowledge that a california
resident is younger than 16, we will request opt-in consent before selling
their personal information. note that we can still share personal information
with third parties if those transfers aren’t “sales,” such as with our service
providers.

3\. depending on the circumstances and which service you use, we have
disclosed the following categories of your personal information for a
“business purpose” (as defined in the ccpa) in the preceding twelve (12)
months:

  * identifiers
  * commercial information
  * geolocation data
  * internet or other electronic network activity information
  * professional information
  * education information
  * inferences drawn from any of the above information categories.

4\. depending on the circumstances and which service you use, we have “sold”
(as defined in the ccpa) the following categories of your personal information
in the preceding twelve (12) months:

  * identifiers
  * commercial information
  * geolocation data
  * internet or other electronic network activity information
  * professional information
  * education information
  * inferences drawn from any of the above information categories.

5\. you can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf.
however, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and
verify your identity directly.

6\. you have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the
exercise of any of your rights.

7\. california's "shine the light" law permits customers who are california
residents to request certain details about how a business shares their
personal information as defined by "shine the light" with third parties (and
in some cases affiliates) for those third parties' or affiliates' own direct
marketing purposes. california customers may request information about our
compliance with this law by contacting us by e-mail at dpo@softnews.ro or by
mail at the address set forth in section 11 above. any such mail inquiry must
include "california privacy rights request" in the first line of the
description and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.
please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer
each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other
than through this email or mail address.

* * *

### opt-outs

  * [google analytics](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en)
  * [google ads](https://www.google.com/settings/ads)
  * [european digital advertising alliance](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ro/)
  * [network advertising initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)
  * [digital advertising alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/)

i __softpedia ®

(c) 2001-2021 softpedia. all rights reserved. softpedia® and the softpedia®
logo are registered trademarks of softnews net srl  
[contact](https://www.softpedia.com/user/contact.php "contact")  • [privacy
policy](https://www.softpedia.com/user/privacy.shtml "privacy policy")  •
[cookie policy](https://www.softpedia.com/user/cookies.shtml "cookie policy")
•

feedback __







