[soundcloud](/ "home")

javascript is disabled

you need to enable javascript to use soundcloud

[show me how to enable it](http://www.enable-javascript.com/)

# community guidelines

we want soundcloud to be a community where everyone feels empowered but also
respected. itâs up to all of us to make that happen. this page includes
important information about our rules and guidelines related to your use of
soundcloud. please take the time to carefully read through this information;
we take these guidelines seriously and expect you to do the same.

the examples in the below sections are for illustrative purposes and are not
exhaustive. soundcloud reserves the right to remove any content deemed to
violate our terms of use at our discretion.

## copyright

we have always set out to build a diverse, collaborative community where the
rights of creators are respected.

you are responsible for all activity associated with your account, including
all content that you post. if you post content that belongs to someone else
(for example, if you are a distributor, promotional agency, manager, or radio
plugger acting on behalf of an artist or label), or if you use someone
elseâs content in a remix or other similar work, it is your responsibility
to ensure that you have the permission of all relevant rightsholders in order
to post that content to soundcloud. anyone uploading another personâs
content without the necessary permissions is liable to have that content
removed and/or their account terminated.

when reporting content for infringement, we consider reports abusive if you
are not the rightsholder or an authorized agent thereof (like the
rightsholderâs attorney or manager). abusive reporting may result in your
civil liability for damages incurred by soundcloud (including costs and legal
fees), the person whose content you report, or any copyright owner or
authorized licensee as a result of content being removed. additionally, you
risk having your account frozen or, in some cases, terminated if we believe
that you have abusively reported content. if you do not own the copyright in
the content, please do not report it for infringement.

if you are unsure whether you can upload something, read our [copyright
information pages](/pages/copyright). if you feel that someone is infringing
your copyright, [tell us about
it](https://soundcloud.com/pages/copyright/report/form).

## enforcement guidelines

soundcloud gives people from all over the world the power to share and connect
through music and audio and is the only global community where you can connect
one on one with fellow fans, the biggest names in music and emerging artists.
while engaging with the community can be rewarding, it can also be a source of
frustration and misunderstanding if the context of the content is not
considered or understood or users donât communicate and interact in a
respectful way.

as a general rule weâre unable to prescreen or proactively search for many
kinds of content, but we aim to be fair in deciding what content is permitted
on soundcloud. while complaints and inquiries must be evaluated and addressed
on a case-by-case basis, we aim to apply a uniform set of standards to every
user. when determining whether to remove content, we ask ourselves a number of
questions, such as:

  * is the behavior directed at an individual, group, or protected category of people?
    * clearly targeted content will increase likelihood of removal.
  * has the report been filed by the target of the abuse or a third party?
    * in some instances we may not be able to take reports from third parties.
  * does the reported user have a history of violating our policies?
    * if a user has violated our terms of use in the past, this could impact the decision.
  * how severe is the violation?
    * the severity will be reflected in the respective action (i.e. warning vs. suspension).
  * is the content of legitimate public interest?
    * the purpose of content will be considered.

when you see content that upsets or shocks you, step back and consider the
above in addition to the possible context and intention of the person sharing
the content. if youâre unsure of a userâs intentions, feel free to engage
with them in a calm and level-headed manner. the comments section on
soundcloud provides a unique environment for people to engage in a
conversation around the content. alternatively, you could message the user
privately to share any concerns.

of course, itâs always possible to block or ignore a user as a means to no
longer see unwanted content on soundcloud, and sometimes this is the best or
only way to resolve these issues.

please consider the above and review the relevant section of our community
guidelines below before reporting content to our trust and safety team. this
will both align your expectations with our policy and allow our team to focus
on removing content that truly doesnât have a place on soundcloud.

## criticism

criticism should always focus on the content, and not on the individual who
created it. we do not want criticism of the personal character of the creator,
only the criticism of their content. please share your opinion with others,
but do so in a constructive way. before posting feedback, always ask yourself
whether you would appreciate receiving the same feedback. if not, donât post
it.

**do this:**

  * âthis wasn't my favorite track of yoursâ
  * âi think different vocals on this track would work betterâ
  * âiâm pretty disappointed with this track tbhâ

**don't do this:**

  * âyouâre a piece of s**t! no oneâs ever gonna listen to your garbage!â
  * âi hate you and your voice. you should stop making music. youâre so annoying and we all hate you broâ
  * âwhat the hell is this!?â

## abuse

we have zero tolerance for abusive or threatening behavior within the
community and on the platform. we consider abuse to be any activity where the
intent or likely result is to attack or demean someone else. this includes but
is not limited to content aimed at sexualizing or degrading other users.
anyone found to be engaging in this type of activity risks the immediate,
permanent termination of their account.

**do this:**

  * âi like this track! thanks for this!â
  * block a user who you do not wish to engage with.
  * âyouâre the goat!â

**don't do this:**

  * âf**k youâ
  * âiâll find u and hurt u where u at man u donât deserve to liveâ
  * âyou donât know what the hell youâre talking about, idiot!â

## harassment

we define harassment as the unwanted, continued pursuit of contact with an
individual who has indicated they do not wish to be in contact with another
individual. the difference between abuse and harassment is that harassment is
typically conducted over a sustained period of time, whereas abuse may be a
one-off event. therefore, if an individual is sending repeated unwanted
messages or comments to another user, they risk the immediate, permanent
termination of their account.

**do this:**

  * message or comment once: âhey, you should check out my music, i think youâd like itâ

**don't do this:**

  * repeatedly message or comment: âhey i think youâre beautiful talk to me!â
  * engage with someone when theyâve told you to stop, or use soundcloud to contact someone when theyâve blocked you on another platform.
  * create accounts or content with the sole purpose of âexposingâ the behavior of a single identifiable individual or group of individuals.

## unauthorized recording or publishing of private information

we do not allow the sharing of personal details of another person (or entity),
without their permission. this includes recordings of private conversations,
full names, photographs, unlisted phone numbers, and home or email addresses.

**do this:**

  * reference a person by their first name without them being identifiable.
  * express thoughts without any direct references to another person.

**don't do this:**

  * include personal details such as âsarah smith at elmwood high schoolâ
  * use photos of other individuals without their consent.
  * upload recordings of private phone calls between two individuals without consent.
  * use screenshots of private conversations as profile/track/playlist artwork.

## impersonation & misleading metadata

as a platform built with creator needs in mind, we welcome the use of stage
names or professional identities on soundcloud. however, you cannot
impersonate another person or post content that is intentionally misleading.

this means that you must not create profiles or post content that is intended
to make people think you are someone else. you must not use someone elseâs
name or trademark without their permission, or pretend to be associated with
someone you arenât, even if you feel that you are helping that person by
doing so. this applies to everyone from the most popular creators to casual
users on soundcloud.

**do this:**

  * use tags to indicate similarities to artists that inspire you.
  * use your own name as a display name or url where this is also the name of an existing artist and no â¢ infringement is taking place.
  * use your own original artwork on your profile.
  * mention artists that inspire you in your profile bio (i.e. âx, y and z artist inspire meâ)
  * create fan accounts with the permission or endorsement of the artist in question. these must be clearly distinguished from official profiles.

**don't do this:**

  * upload tracks with an artistâs name in the title who is not officially associated with it.
  * use another artistâs name or variation of an artistâs name as your display name, url or track url.
  * use an image of an artist or images associated with an artist (album covers etc.) as an avatar, banner, track or playlist image where the artist is not officially associated with the account or track.
  * list artist names in your bio as a means of attempting to game our search.
  * create fan accounts without the permission of the artist in question.

## pornographic content

we do not allow any content that is predominantly sexual in nature or that
could be perceived as an aid to sexual gratification. this includes, but is
not limited to, images containing nudity and recordings or detailed
descriptions of sexual acts, or links to pornographic sites.

**do this:**

  * post asmr of your dog eating treats, or you brushing your hair.

**don't do this:**

  * post noises directly associated with sexual acts disguised as asmr.
  * link to any pornographic content in your profile bio.

## violence and threatening behavior

we do not allow any use of intimidation or threats of violence between our
users, against the wider public or against soundcloud employees. likewise, we
donât permit any incitement to, or glorification of, violent acts either
against an individual or the wider public. additionally, the use of excessive
gore in regards to both imagery or language is not permitted.

**do this:**

  * provide commentary on violence in regards to a specific event (i.e. something that happened to you in the context of a podcast episode).
  * refer to violence where this serves an educational purpose.

**don't do this:**

  * upload content that has the intention to intimidate an individual into fearing a physical attack against their person.
  * upload content inciting violence (i.e. calling on or encouraging others to complete violent acts against an individual or against the wider public).
  * upload graphic images of real or dramatized violence with the intent to glorify violent acts or to shock/disgust.

## hate speech

soundcloud allows for the presentation of individual beliefs and opinions. we
do not, however, allow content that promotes or encourages hatred,
discrimination or violence against others based on race, cultural identity or
ethnic background, religious beliefs, disability, gender identity, or sexual
orientation. we will use our discretion when necessary to determine if beliefs
or opinions incite hatred.

please keep in mind that applicable laws state that nazi and isis content is
illegal, and will be removed without discussion, unless clearly used for
educational or journalistic purposes.

**do this:**

  * speak about a hate group in a purely educational manner, making it clear when you are quoting directly and not presenting them as your own views.
  * specifically state that you do not endorse the groups/events/etc. that you may be quoting.

**don't do this:**

  * âi mean, these [protected group], they know whatâs wrong with themâ
  * â[protected group] are threatening us. we need to get them outâ

## podcasts

we understand that soundcloud is a popular platform to host podcasts, and we
welcome those who chose to use our platform for that reason. we invite the
discussion and expression of our users opinions on almost all given topics.
with that being said, we reserve the right to decide when those discussions,
expressions and opinions are aimed at harming a group of individuals, or when
they cross over into hate speech or abuse. in these instances, users risk
deletion of certain episodes or suspension of their account. we also do not
allow podcasts associated with any illegal or hate groups, even when the
content itself does not violate our terms of use.

**do this:**

  * host a podcast about your favorite foods.
  * host a historical podcast.

**don't do this:**

  * dedicate your entire podcast or a section of your podcast to âissues withâ or reasons you dislike a protected group.
  * host a podcast to share a revisionist view of the holocaust.

## misinformation/fake news

as a platform that promotes freedom of speech and connects millions of people,
we feel we have a responsibility to take a clear stance on the issues of fake
news and misinformation. although not a new concept, the digital age has made
it easier than ever to spread information almost anywhere in the world.

with that being said, we understand that in todayâs day and age many people
rely on the internet and social platforms as their main news source.
therefore, in order to maintain the trust and safety of our community, the
deliberate use of false information in order to mislead users is something we
do not condone. this type of information can take many forms, but is often
uploaded with the aim of affecting political discourse.

we encourage you to ensure the accuracy of your content, as each user is
responsible for what they upload. any user found to be purposely sharing
information that is fabricated or misleading may be deemed in violation of our
terms of use and subject to the immediate, permanent termination of their
account.

**do this:**

  * use imaginative subjects to produce satire, comedy and entertainment content.
  * state the sources of information shared when presenting content as news.

**don't do this:**

  * use of clickbait titles, profile names and description.
  * fabricate content that deliberately presents false or misleading claims as news.
  * refer to violent events as âfalse flagsâ
  * post links to websites hosting âfake newsâ articles or false information.

## spammy behavior and self promotion

soundcloud aims to help creators to connect directly with their fans and build
their audience. we understand that promoting your work is important, and we
encourage you to seek out fans and other like-minded individuals. in our
experience, the most successful forms of promotion are built upon meaningful
interactions between creators and their audience.

however, there is a fine line between developing these connections and over-
sharing with members of the community. to help encourage a two-way
relationship between creators and fans, we have technical restrictions in
place to limit activity that goes against this principle. further, we aim for
soundcloud to be a spam-free zone. to support this effort, we have policies in
place that prohibit both spammy activity and the use of related services that
violate our terms of use.

specifically, it is not possible to:

  * post identical or almost identical comments or messages in large volumes
  * repeatedly follow large volumes of accounts in a short period of time
  * repeatedly unfollow and refollow the same accounts, in order to draw attention to your own profile
  * repeatedly repost or like tracks that you have reposted or liked in the past

**do this:**

  * reach out to fans with tailored messages for each one of them.
  * find users related to your content and interact with them.
  * repost tracks similar to your own to attract traffic.

**don't do this:**

  * copy and paste the same links and words in comments and/or private chat.
  * randomly bulk follow a large amount of users.
  * pay for external promotion services not affiliated with soundcloud.
  * creation, use or promotion of services that claim to boost a profileâs popularity such as followers, plays, likes, or reposts.
  * creation, use or promotion of services that sell social interactions or other forms of promotion on soundcloud.
  * create multiple accounts with the intention of inflating the popularity of other profiles.

## reporting violations

we aim to create and foster a community where our usersâ behavior is in line
with these guidelines and where individuals hold each other accountable for
their use of the platform. when this fails, we also have various measures in
place to help us keep track of certain kinds of content that violate our terms
of use.

as a general rule weâre unable to prescreen or proactively search for many
kinds of content. as such, itâs possible you might come across content that
you donât wish to see. in these cases, please ignore such content and block
those who share it to avoid it in the future.

that said, if you encounter any content that clearly violates these guidelines
or our terms of use or is otherwise illegal â including impersonation,
abusive or threatening behavior, pornography or malicious speech â please
report this.

our trust and safety team will review all reports objectively, and remove any
content that violates our terms of use, these guidelines or applicable law. to
report content please do so using the appropriate help form from our [help
center](https://help.soundcloud.com/hc/en-
us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=581048).

please bear in mind that something you find unacceptable, may not be a
violation of our terms of use or illegal. we try to maintain a fair and
balanced approach, but reporting content will not always result in that
content being removed if it does not violate our guidelines, terms of use or
applicable law.

## termination of accounts

if we believe that your activity violates these guidelines, our terms of use,
any other associated policies, or applicable law, we will send you a written
warning to the email associated with the account. if we send you more than two
of these warnings, we may suspend or terminate your account in our discretion.

in certain cases, such as when we deem your account to be dedicated to the
violating activity, we reserve the right to terminate your account
immediately, without prior warning, in our discretion.

_version september 2019_

your current browser isn't compatible with soundcloud.  
please download one of our supported browsers. [need
help?](https://help.soundcloud.com/hc/articles/115003564308-technical-
requirements)

[chrome](http://google.com/chrome "chrome") | [firefox](http://firefox.com
"firefox") | [safari](http://apple.com/safari "safari") | [internet
explorer](http://windows.microsoft.com/ie "internet explorer")

sorry! something went wrong

is your network connection unstable or browser outdated?

[i need help](https://help.soundcloud.com)

[popular searches](/popular/searches "popular searches")

