skip to content

[![spideroak](https://spideroak.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/cropped-so-
spideroak-125x29.png)](https://spideroak.com/)

main menu

  * [home](/)
  * why spideroakmenu toggle
    * [about](https://spideroak.com/about/)
    * [careers](/careers)
    * [news](https://spideroak.com/news/)
  * industriesmenu toggle
    * [energy sector solutions](https://spideroak.com/energy-sector-solutions/)
    * [banking solutions](https://spideroak.com/banking-solutions/)
    * [healthcare solutions](https://spideroak.com/healthcare-solutions/)
    * [legal solutions](https://spideroak.com/legal-solutions/)
    * [life sciences solutions](https://spideroak.com/life-sciences-solutions/)
  * productsmenu toggle
    * [crossclave](https://spideroak.com/crossclave/)
    * [semaphor](https://spideroak.com/semaphor/)
    * [spideroak one](https://spideroak.com/one/)
    * [enterprise backup](https://spideroak.com/enterprise/)
    * [platform](https://spideroak.com/platform/)
    * [logsecure](/logsecure)
    * [encryptr](https://spideroak.com/encryptr/)
  * solutionsmenu toggle
    * [secure remote telework](https://spideroak.com/secure-remote-telework/)
    * [secure multinational collaboration](https://spideroak.com/secure-multinational-collaboration/)
    * [secure digital intellectual property](https://spideroak.com/secure-digital-intellectual-property/)
  * supportmenu toggle
    * [help center / contact](https://spideroak.support/hc/en-us/)
    * [downloads](https://spideroak.com/opendownload/)
    * [product release notes](https://spideroak.com/release-notes/)

[![spideroak](https://spideroak.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/cropped-so-
spideroak-125x29.png)](https://spideroak.com/)

main menu

  * [home](/)
  * why spideroakmenu toggle
    * [about](https://spideroak.com/about/)
    * [careers](/careers)
    * [news](https://spideroak.com/news/)
  * industriesmenu toggle
    * [energy sector solutions](https://spideroak.com/energy-sector-solutions/)
    * [banking solutions](https://spideroak.com/banking-solutions/)
    * [healthcare solutions](https://spideroak.com/healthcare-solutions/)
    * [legal solutions](https://spideroak.com/legal-solutions/)
    * [life sciences solutions](https://spideroak.com/life-sciences-solutions/)
  * productsmenu toggle
    * [crossclave](https://spideroak.com/crossclave/)
    * [semaphor](https://spideroak.com/semaphor/)
    * [spideroak one](https://spideroak.com/one/)
    * [enterprise backup](https://spideroak.com/enterprise/)
    * [platform](https://spideroak.com/platform/)
    * [logsecure](/logsecure)
    * [encryptr](https://spideroak.com/encryptr/)
  * solutionsmenu toggle
    * [secure remote telework](https://spideroak.com/secure-remote-telework/)
    * [secure multinational collaboration](https://spideroak.com/secure-multinational-collaboration/)
    * [secure digital intellectual property](https://spideroak.com/secure-digital-intellectual-property/)
  * supportmenu toggle
    * [help center / contact](https://spideroak.support/hc/en-us/)
    * [downloads](https://spideroak.com/opendownload/)
    * [product release notes](https://spideroak.com/release-notes/)

# spideroak privacy policy

 _posted and effective as of 4 june, 2016_

please read this privacy policy carefully. it applies to all interactions you
have with spideroak’s web services and apps.

note that spideroak has several different products and services:

  * spideroakone, a consumer-focused cloud storage
  * spideroak groups, cloud storage for teams
  * enterprise backup, cloud-based backup for companies
  * spideroak semaphor, a team collaboration tool
  * spideroak kloak, a private communications network
  * spideroak encryptr, a cloud-based password manager

when we collect, store, use, or share information differently among these
products, we’ll note that below.

## the information we collect

account information. when you create a spideroak account, we ask you to choose
a username and passphrase. you may use your email address as your username,
but it’s not required.

if you select a spideroak plan that requires payment, we’ll also ask you for
billing information.

information about your use of spideroak. we receive some information
automatically when you use any spideroak product. this includes data about
your device, software, and the operating system you use when accessing our
service, approximate amount of data stored on our service, your internet
protocol address, system-generated error messages for your account, and the
date and time of each request you make to spideroak. additionally, some of our
products have access to your team or group name and the number of members in a
team.

## how we use your information

we use your personal information to keep spideroak running, understand how you
use our service, customize your experience, prevent abuse, provide customer
support, sell and market our products, and improve spideroak. we use your
information internally only as necessary to accomplish these goals.

## how we disclose your information

we share your personally identifiable information only in the limited
circumstances below. spideroak never sells your information or shares it with
third-party advertisers.

with your permission. we may share your information with your consent, after
letting you know what information will be shared and with whom.

in response to the law. we may disclose your information if we believe it is
reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or valid legal process.
if we are going to release your information, our policy is to provide you with
notice unless we are prohibited from doing so by law or court order (e.g., an
order under 18 u.s.c. § 2705(b)). we may disclose your information without
giving you prior notice if we believe it’s necessary to prevent imminent and
serious bodily harm to a person. nothing in this policy is intended to limit
any legal objections or defenses you might have to demands to compel
disclosure of your information, including demands from the government.

with third parties helping us provide spideroak. we may share your information
with third-party services helping us provide our products and services. those
third parties access and use the information we share with them only on our
behalf. they include stripe, paypal, zendesk, and base crm. please note that
this privacy policy explains spideroak’s practices only, and doesn’t cover the
practices of other services. take a look at those companies’ privacy policies
to learn more about their data practices.

with groups, enterprise backup, and semaphor admins. if you use our groups,
enterprise backup, or semaphor products, your administrator may be able to
access and control your account. refer to your organization’s internal
policies for more information.

with other users. when you share files with others through spideroak, your
username, share id and/or first and last name may be visible to other people.

aggregate information. we may disclose aggregate, non-identifying information
about how our users use spideroak products.

sale or merger. if all or part of spideroak is sold, merged, or otherwise
transferred to another company in the future, your information may be
transferred as part of that transaction. if that happens, spideroak will take
reasonable steps to make sure your information continues to be treated
consistently with this privacy policy.

## web tracking policy

we use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us
how and when you use the spideroak websites. we use cookies to identify
whether you have logged in and recognize that your web browser has accessed
our servers before, and we may associate that information with your account.
most browsers have an option for disabling cookies, but if you disable them
you may not be able to log into your spideroak account.

## account termination

you can disable your spideroak account at any time by signing in and canceling
it either online or in the application itself. this means your user account
will no longer be active on our service, and your data will be automatically
deleted in the normal course of business with no further notice to you.

## data security

spideroak products are designed to have several layers of security.

  * we encrypt files that you upload to spideroak servers using the aes- 256 algorithm. you control your encryption keys, and spideroak does not have access to them.
  * we use secure sockets layer (ssl)/transport layer security (tls) to create a secure tunnel to protect data in transit between spideroak apps and servers.
  * we don’t store your account passphrase on our servers in any form. your passphrase is only on your device, and we hash and salt it to help protect it against possible compromise.
  * we limit the number of spideroak employees who have access to user data through policy and technical access controls.

no transmission over the internet is completely secure, so we can’t absolutely
guarantee that unauthorized parties won’t be able to defeat our security
measures. you use spideroak at your own risk, and are responsible for taking
reasonable measures to secure your account (such as choosing a strong, unique
passphrase and keeping it secret).

we are always on the lookout for vulnerabilities in spideroak. if you discover
a vulnerability in our service, we would be grateful for your report and
encourage you to let us know immediately. if you give us reasonable time to
respond to your report before making any information public, and make a good-
faith effort to avoid privacy violations, destruction of data, and
interruption or degradation of our service during your research, we will not
pursue any legal action against you or ask law enforcement to investigate your
actions.

to report a security vulnerability, please email security@spideroak.com.

## changes to this policy

we may revise this privacy policy from time to time. the most current version
of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at
https://spideroak.com/policy/privacy-policy. if we make changes that we
believe will substantially alter your rights, we will post the revisions 7
days before they take effect so you can review them.

## contact

we would love to hear from you. spideroak welcomes questions, concerns, and
feedback about this policy. if you have suggestions for us, let us know at
privacy@spideroak.com.

## about spideroak

  * [who are we](/about)
  * [team](/about/#team)
  * [advisory board](/about/#advisory-board)
  * [news](/news/)
  * [careers](/careers)
  * [engineering blog](https://engineering.spideroak.com)

## support

  * [downloads](/opendownload)
  * [release notes](/release-notes/)
  * [help center](https://spideroak.support/hc/en-us)
  * [contact](https://spideroak.support/hc/en-us/requests/new)
  * [security response](/security-response/)
  * [transparency report](/transparency/)

## compliance

  * [hipaa compliance](/hipaa/)
  * [service agreement](/service-agreement/)
  * [privacy policy](/privacy-policy/)
  * [terms of service](/terms-of-service/)
  * [law enforcement](/law-enforcement)
  * [dmca notice submission](/dmca-takedown-notice-submission/)

## social media

  * [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/company/spideroak/)
  * [twitter](https://twitter.com/spideroak)
  * [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/spideroak/)
  * [vimeo](https://vimeo.com/spideroak)

## newsletter sign-up

leave this field empty if you're human:

copyright © 2021 spideroak

  * encryptr will be discontinued on 2021-03-04. learn how to export your data and find an alternative

[learn more](/encryptr/)

