skip to content

[ spotify  ](https://www.spotify.com/us/)

  * [premium](https://www.spotify.com/us/premium/)
  * [support](https://support.spotify.com/)
  * [download](https://www.spotify.com/us/download/)
  *   * [sign up](https://www.spotify.com/us/signup/)
  * [log in](https://www.spotify.com/us/account/overview/)

toggle navigation

  * legal
  * [terms and conditions of use](/us/legal/end-user-agreement/)
  * [copyright policy](/us/legal/copyright-policy/)
  * [privacy policy](/us/legal/privacy-policy/)

# spotify privacy policy

effective as of 2020-01-01

1 introduction  
2 about this policy  
3 your rights and your preferences: giving you choice and control  
4 personal data we collect from you  
5 what we use your personal data for  
6 sharing your personal data  
7 data retention and deletion  
8 transfer to other countries  
9 links  
10 keeping your personal data safe  
11 children  
12 changes to this policy  
13 how to contact us

## 1\. introduction

thanks for choosing spotify!

at spotify, we want to give you the best possible experience to ensure that
you enjoy our service. to do this we need to understand your streaming habits
so we can deliver an exceptional and personalized service specifically for
you. your privacy and the security of your personal data is, and will always
be, enormously important to us. so, we want to transparently explain how and
why we gather, store, share and use your personal data - as well as outline
the controls and choices you have around when and how you choose to share your
personal data.

that is our objective, and this privacy policy ("policy") will explain exactly
what we mean in further detail below.

## 2\. about this policy

this policy sets out the essential details relating to your personal data
relationship with spotify usa inc. the policy applies to all spotify services
and any associated services (referred to as the 'spotify service'). the terms
governing your use of the spotify service are defined in our [terms and
conditions of use](https://www.spotify.com/legal/end-user-agreement) (the
"terms and conditions of use").

from time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. if the
introduction of these new or additional services results in any material
change to the way we collect or process your personal data we will provide you
with more information or additional terms or policies. unless stated otherwise
when we introduce these new or additional services, they will be subject to
this policy.

the aim of this policy is to:

  1. ensure that you understand what personal data we collect about you, the reasons why we collect and use it, and who we share it with;
  2. explain the way we use the personal data that you share with us in order to give you a great experience when you are using the spotify service; and
  3. explain your rights and choices in relation to the personal data we collect and process about you and how we will protect your privacy.

we hope this helps you to understand our privacy commitments to you. for
further clarification of the terms used in this policy please visit our
[privacy center](https://www.spotify.com/us/privacy)on spotify.com. for
information on how to contact us if you ever have any questions or concerns,
please see section 13 'how to contact us' below. alternatively, if you do not
agree with the content of this policy, then please remember it is your choice
whether you want to use the spotify service.

## 3\. your rights and your preferences: giving you choice and control

the general data protection regulation or "gdpr" gives certain rights to
individuals in relation to their personal data. accordingly, we are happy to
offer transparency and access controls to help users take advantage of those
rights. as available and except as limited under applicable law, the rights
afforded to individuals are:

  * right of access - the right to be informed of, and request access to, the personal data we process about you;
  * right to rectification - the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
  * right to erasure - the right to request that we delete your personal data;
  * right to restrict - the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data;
  * right to object -
  *     * the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation;
    * the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes;
  * right to data portability - the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party's service; and
  * right not to be subject to automated decision-making - the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.

in order to enable you to learn more about these rights, exercise these rights
with ease, and record your preferences in relation to how spotify uses your
personal data, we provide the following resources:

  * **privacy settings** (accessed via your account page) - allows you to exercise choices about the processing of certain personal data, and an automated 'download your data' function to download basic account and usage information.
  * [privacy center](https://www.spotify.com/us/privacy) \- provides a convenient central location where you can find more information about how spotify uses your personal data, your rights in relation to your personal data, and how to exercise those rights.
  * **notification settings** (accessed via your account page) - allows you to choose which marketing communications you receive from spotify. you may toggle these settings to opt in or out of receiving different types of email and push notifications. please note that email marketing messages from spotify include an opt-out mechanism within the message itself (e.g. an unsubscribe link in the emails we send to you). clicking on the link in an email will opt you out of further messages of that category (e.g. artist updates). you can use the notification settings page to exercise choices about all categories of email and push marketing communication.
  * [cookies policy](https://www.spotify.com/legal/cookies-policy) \- provides more information on how we use cookies, including for interest-based advertising. you will also find information about how you can manage your cookie preferences and opt-out of certain types of tracking; and
  * **customer support resources** \- we have several pages on our customer support site which provide further guidance about data protection questions. a key source of information is the data rights and privacy settings article which includes answers to "frequently asked questions" about personal data processing in the spotify service.

if you have any questions about your privacy, your rights, or how to exercise
them, please contact our data protection officer using the 'contact us' form
on the [privacy center](https://www.spotify.com/us/privacy). if you have
concerns around our processing of your personal data, we hope you will
continue to work with us to resolve them. however, you can also contact and
have the right to lodge a complaint with the swedish data protection authority
(integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) or your local data protection authority.

additional privacy rights under the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) can
be found in our supplemental policy ["additional california privacy
disclosures"](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/california-privacy-
disclosure/), which contains supplemental disclosures relating to the
processing of your personal data.

## 4\. personal data we collect from you

we have set out in the tables below the categories of personal data we collect
and use about you and how we collect it:

**_the table below describes personal data collected when you sign up for the
spotify service:_**

categories of personal data | description of category  
---|---  
**user data** | this is the personal data that is provided by you or collected
by us to enable you to sign up for and use the spotify service. depending on
the type of spotify service plan you sign up for, this may include your
username, email address, phone number, birth date, gender, street address, and
country.  
  
some of the personal data we will ask you to provide is required in order to
create your account. you also have the option to provide us with additional
personal data in order to make your account more personalized.  
  
the exact personal data we will collect depends on the type of spotify service
plan you sign up for, how you create an account, and whether you use third
party services (such as facebook) to sign up and use the spotify service. if
you use a third party service to create an account, we will receive personal
data via that third party service but only when you have consented to that
third party service sharing your personal data with us. please note that the
available plans and sign-up options may differ by country.  
  
**_the table below describes personal data collected through your use of the
spotify service:_**

categories of personal data | description of category  
---|---  
**usage data** | this is the personal data that is collected about you when
youâ€™re accessing and/or using the spotify service, including:  
  

  * information about your type of spotify service plan.
  * information about your interactions with the spotify service such as your search queries (including the date and time of any requests you make), streaming history, playlists you create, your library, your browsing history, and your interactions with the spotify service, content, other spotify users. this also may include details of your use of third party applications in connection with the spotify service.
  * inferences drawn about your interests and preferences based on your usage of the spotify service.
  * user content (as defined in the [terms and conditions of use](https://www.spotify.com/legal/end-user-agreement/)) you post to spotify, such as photos, playlist titles, and interactions with the spotify customer service team. please note that we will only access your camera or photos from your device if you give us permission to do so, and we will only access images that you specifically choose to share with us and metadata related to those images, such as the type of file and the size of the image. we will never scan or import your deviceâ€™s photo library or camera roll.
  * certain technical data, which may include:
  *   

    * url information;
    * online identifiers including cookie data and ip addresses;
    * information about the types of devices you are using such as unique device ids, network connection type (e.g. wifi, 3g, lte, bluetooth), provider, network and device performance, browser type, language, information enabling digital rights management, operating system, and spotify application version;
    * device attributes of devices on your wifi network that are available to connect to the spotify service (such as speakers);
    * your non-precise location, which may be derived or inferred from certain technical data (e.g., your ip address, language setting of your device, or payment currency), to comply with geographic requirements in our licensing agreements, and deliver personalized content and advertising to you; and
    * motion-generated or orientation-generated mobile sensor data (e.g. accelerometer or gyroscope) required for the purposes of providing specific features of the spotify service to you.

  
**plan verification data** | for users of certain plans like the premium
family plan and premium duo plan, we may use a third party mapping application
(such as google maps) and/or your deviceâ€™s location service to help you verify
your address. this data is collected for the sole purpose of verifying
eligibility for the premium family plan and premium duo plan and is not used
for advertising or any other purpose.  
  
**_the table below describes personal data that you choose to give us that
enables us to provide you with additional features/functionality_**

categories of personal data | description of category  
---|---  
**voice data** | if voice features are available in your market, we collect
your voice data with your permission to provide you with additional features
and functionalities, such as interacting with the spotify service with your
voice. for more information see our [voice control
policy](https://www.spotify.com/legal/voice-controls/).  
**payment and purchase data** | we may collect certain personal data if you
sign up for a trial or purchase any of our paid subscriptions (as defined in
the [terms and conditions of use](https://www.spotify.com/legal/end-user-
agreement/)) or make other purchases through the spotify service. the exact
personal data collected will vary depending on the payment method (e.g. direct
via your mobile phone carrier or by invoice) but will include information such
as:  

  * name;
  * date of birth;
  * credit or debit card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number;
  * postal code;
  * mobile phone number; and
  * details of your purchase and payment history.

  
  
**contests, surveys and sweepstakes data** | when you complete any forms,
respond to a survey or questionnaire, or participate in a contest, we collect
the personal data you provide.  
  
**_the table below describes personal data collected from third party
sources_**

we collect personal data about you from various third parties. these third
party sources vary over time and include the following:

categories of third party sources | description of category  
---|---  
**authentication partners** | if you register for or log into our services
using third party credentials (e.g. facebook), we will import your information
from such third party to help create your account with us.  
**technical service partners** | we work with technical service partners that
provide us with certain data, such as mapping ip addresses to non-precise
location data (e.g., city, state), to enable us to provide the spotify
service, content, and features.  
**payment partners** | if you choose to pay for a service or feature by
invoice, we may receive data from our payment partners to enable us to send
you invoices, process your payment and provide you with what youâ€™ve purchased.  
**advertisers and other advertising partners** | we may obtain certain data
about you, such as cookie id, mobile device id, or email address, and
inferences about your interests and preferences from certain advertisers and
advertising partners that allow us to deliver more relevant ads and measure
their effectiveness.  
  
## 5\. what we use your personal data for

when you use or interact with the spotify service, we use a variety of
technologies to process the personal data we collect about you for various
reasons. we have set out in the table below the reasons why we process your
personal data, the associated legal bases we rely upon to legally permit us to
process your personal data, and the categories of personal data (identified in
section 4 'personal data we collect from you' used for these purposes:

description of why spotify processes your personal data (â€˜processing purposeâ€™)
| legal basis for the processing purpose | categories of personal data used by
spotify for the processing purpose  
---|---|---  
to provide and personalize the spotify service. |

  * performance of a contract
  * legitimate interest
  * consent

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * payment and purchase data
  * plan verification data
  * voice data

  
to understand, diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the spotify
service. |

  * performance of a contract
  * legitimate interest

|

  * user data
  * usage data

  
to evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the
spotify service. |

  * legitimate interest
  * consent

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * voice data

  
for marketing, promotion, and advertising purposes. |

  * legitimate interest
  * consent

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * voice data

  
to comply with legal obligations and law enforcement requests. |

  * compliance with legal obligations
  * legitimate interest

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * payment and purchase data
  * plan verification data
  * voice data
  * contests, surveys and sweepstakes data

  
to fulfill contractual obligations with third parties, for example licensing
agreements and to take appropriate action with respect to reports of
intellectual property infringement and inappropriate content. |

  * legitimate interest

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * payment and purchase data

  
to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. |

  * legitimate interest

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * payment and purchase data
  * plan verification data
  * voice data
  * contests, surveys and sweepstakes data

  
to conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting. |

  * legitimate interest

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * payment and purchase data

  
to process your payment. |

  * performance of a contract
  * compliance with legal obligations

|

  * user data
  * payment and purchase data

  
to detect fraud, including fraudulent payments and fraudulent use of the
spotify service. |

  * performance of a contract
  * compliance with legal obligations
  * legitimate interest

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * payment and purchase data
  * plan verification data

  
to conduct research, contests, surveys, and sweepstakes. |

  * performance of a contract
  * legitimate interest
  * consent

|

  * user data
  * usage data
  * contests, surveys and sweepstakes data

  
  
if you require further information about the balancing test that spotify has
undertaken to justify its reliance on the legitimate interest legal basis
under the gdpr, please see section 13 'how to contact us' for further details
on how to contact us.

## 6\. sharing your personal data

we have set out the categories of recipients of the personal data collected or
generated through your use of the spotify service.

**_publicly available information_**

the following personal data will always be publicly available on the spotify
service: your name and/or username, profile picture, who you follow and who
follows you on the spotify service, your recently played artists, and your
public playlists.

**_personal data you may choose to share_**

the following personal data will only be shared with the categories of
recipients outlined in the table below if:

  * you choose to make use of a specific spotify service feature where sharing of particular personal data is required for the proper use of the spotify service feature; or
  * you grant us your permission to share the personal data, e.g. by selecting the appropriate setting in the spotify service or authorizing spotify through a presented consent mechanism.

categories of recipients | reason for sharing  
---|---  
**third party applications and devices you connect to your spotify account** |
if you connect your spotify account to a third party application and/or
device(s), such as, social media, audio, television, or automotive platforms
and services, spotify shares technical data with the operator of that third
party application and/or device in order to connect your spotify account,
and/or facilitate playback of the spotify service.with respect to certain
third parties which may request or require that we share your information with
them, your permission will be requested before we provide your information to
such third parties.  
**support community** | when you register for a spotify support account on the
spotify support community, we will ask you to create a specific spotify
support community username. this will be publicly displayed to anyone who
accesses the spotify support community along with any questions or comments
you post.  
**your spotify followers** | there may be times when you want us to share
information about your use of the spotify service with other spotify users
known as â€˜your spotify followersâ€™. for example, you have the ability to make
both private and public playlists. if you share your private playlists with
others, please be aware that the recipients of your private playlists can
further share those playlists with others.  
**artists and record labels** | you may choose to share personal data (for
example, your email address) with artists, record labels, or other partners
who may want to directly send you news or promotional offers. you will always
have the option to change your mind and withdraw your consent at any time.  
  
learn more about how to manage notifications, your publicly available
information, and what you share with others in section 3 'your rights and your
preferences: giving you choice and control' of this policy and on the [privacy
center](https://www.spotify.com/us/privacy).

**_information we may share_**

categories of recipients | reason for sharing  
---|---  
**service providers** | we work with service providers that work on our behalf
which may need access to certain personal data in order to provide their
services to us. these companies include those we've hired to provide customer
service support, operate the technical infrastructure that we need to provide
the spotify service, assist in protecting and securing our systems and
services, and help market spotifyâ€™s own products and services as well as
partner products, services, events, and co-branded promotions in which spotify
is involved.  
**payment processors** | we will share your personal data with our payment
processors as necessary to enable them to process your payments, and for anti-
fraud purposes.  
**advertising partners** | we work with advertising partners to enable us to
customize the advertising content you may receive on the spotify service.
these partners help us deliver more relevant ads and promotional messages to
you, which may include interest based advertising (also known as online
behavioral advertising), contextual advertising, and generic advertising on
the spotify service. we and our advertising partners may process certain
personal data to help spotify understand your interests or preferences so that
we can deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you.  
**spotify partners** | depending on how you sign up for the spotify service
(e.g. through a third party service or a mobile provider), we share your
spotify username or other user data as necessary to enable your account. we
may also share personal data with that third party about your use of the
spotify service, such as whether and to what extent you have used the offer,
activated a spotify account, or actively used the spotify service. we also may
share your personal data in a pseudonymised format with our music industry
partners to help them understand how the content they license to us is
performing and to enable you to listen to streaming content via the spotify
service.  
**academic researchers** | we will share your personal data for activities
such as statistical analysis and academic study but only in a pseudonymised
format.  
**other spotify group companies** | we will share your personal data with
other spotify group companies to carry out our daily business operations and
to enable us to maintain and provide the spotify service to you.  
**law enforcement and data protection authorities** | we share your personal
data when we in good faith believe it is necessary for us to do so in order to
comply with a legal obligation under applicable law, or respond to valid legal
process, such as a search warrant, a court order, or a subpoena. we also share
your personal data where we in good faith believe that it is necessary for the
purpose of our own, or a third partyâ€™s legitimate interest relating to
national security, law enforcement, litigation, criminal investigation,
protecting the safety of any person, or to prevent death or imminent bodily
harm, provided that we deem that such interest is not overridden by your
interests or fundamental rights and freedoms requiring the protection of your
personal data.  
**purchasers of our business** | we will share your personal data in those
cases where we sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or
prospective buyer. in this situation, spotify will continue to ensure the
confidentiality of your personal data and give you notice before your personal
data is transferred to the buyer or becomes subject to a different privacy
policy.  
  
## 7\. data retention and deletion

we keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the
spotify service and for legitimate and essential business purposes, such as
maintaining the performance of the spotify service, making data-driven
business decisions about new features and offerings, complying with our legal
obligations, and resolving disputes. we keep some of your personal data for as
long as you are a user of the spotify service. for example, we keep your
playlists, song library, and account information.

if you request, we will delete or anonymise your personal data so that it no
longer identifies you, unless we are legally allowed or required to maintain
certain personal data, including situations such as the following:

  * if there is an unresolved issue relating to your account, such as an outstanding credit on your account or an unresolved claim or dispute we will retain the necessary personal data until the issue is resolved;
  * where we need to retain the personal data for our legal, tax, audit, and accounting obligations, we will retain the necessary personal data for the period required by applicable law; and/or,
  * where necessary for our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain the security of our users.

## 8\. transfer to other countries

spotify shares your personal data globally with spotify group companies in
order to carry out the activities specified in this policy. spotify may also
subcontract processing to, or share your personal data with, third parties
located in countries other than your country. your personal data, therefore,
may be subject to privacy laws that are different from those in your country.

personal data collected within the european union and switzerland may, for
example, be transferred to and processed by third parties located in a country
outside of the european union and switzerland. in such instances spotify shall
ensure that the transfer of your personal data is carried out in accordance
with applicable privacy laws and, in particular, that appropriate contractual,
technical, and organisational measures are in place such as the standard
contractual clauses approved by the eu commission.

for further details of the security measures we use to protect your personal
data, please see section 10 'keeping your personal data safe' of this policy.

## 9\. links

we may display advertisements from third parties and other content that links
to third-party websites. we cannot control or be held responsible for third
parties' privacy practices and content. if you click on a third-party
advertisement or link, please understand that you are leaving the spotify
service and any personal data you provide will not be covered by this policy.
please read their privacy policies to find out how they collect and process
your personal data.

## 10\. keeping your personal data safe

we are committed to protecting our users' personal data. we implement
appropriate technical and organisational measures to help protect the security
of your personal data; however, please note that no system is ever completely
secure. we have implemented various policies including pseudonymisation,
encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorised
access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems.

your password protects your user account, so we encourage you to use a strong
password that is unique to your spotify account, never share your password
with anyone, limit access to your computer and browser, and log out after
having used the spotify service.

## 11\. children

with the exception of spotify kids, a separate spotify application available
in certain markets, the spotify service is not directed to children under the
age of 13 years. the spotify service is also not offered to children whose age
makes it illegal to process their personal data or requires parental consent
for the processing of their personal data under the gdpr or other local law.

we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13 years or
under the applicable age limit (the "age limit"). if you are under the age
limit, please do not use the spotify service, and do not provide any personal
data to us.

if you are a parent of a child under the age limit and become aware that your
child has provided personal data to spotify, please contact us using the
'contact us' form on the [privacy center](https://www.spotify.com/us/privacy),
and you may request exercise of your applicable rights detailed in section 3
'your rights and your preferences: giving you choice and control' of this
policy.

if we learn that we have collected the personal data of a child under the age
of 13 years, we will take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. this
may require us to delete the spotify account for that child.

## 12\. changes to this policy

we may occasionally make changes to this policy.

when we make material changes to this policy, we'll provide you with prominent
notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent
notice within the spotify service or by sending you an email and/or a device
notification. we may notify you in advance.

please, therefore, make sure you read any such notice carefully.

if you want to find out more about this policy and how spotify uses your
personal data, please visit the [privacy
center](https://www.spotify.com/us/privacy) on spotify.com to find out more.

## 13\. how to contact us

thank you for reading our policy. if you have any questions about this policy,
please contact our data protection officer by using the 'contact us' form on
the [privacy center](https://www.spotify.com/us/privacy), emailing
[privacy@spotify.com](mailto:privacy@spotify.com), or by writing to us at the
following address:

spotify usa inc.  
150 greenwich street, floor 62  
new york, ny 10007  
usa

we hope you enjoy spotify!

Â© spotify usa inc.

[ spotify  ](https://www.spotify.com/us/)

company

    [about](https://www.spotify.com/us/about-us/contact/)
    [jobs](https://www.spotifyjobs.com/)
    [for the record](https://newsroom.spotify.com/)

communities

    [for artists](https://artists.spotify.com/)
    [developers](https://developer.spotify.com/)
    [advertising](https://ads.spotify.com/)
    [investors](https://investors.spotify.com/)
    [vendors](https://spotifyforvendors.com/)

useful links

    [support](https://support.spotify.com/)
    [web player](https://open.spotify.com/)
    [free mobile app](https://www.spotify.com/us/free/)

  * [](https://instagram.com/spotify "instagram")
  * [](https://twitter.com/spotify "twitter")
  * [](https://www.facebook.com/spotify "facebook")

[ usa ](https://www.spotify.com/us/select-your-market/)

  * [legal ](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/)
  * [privacy center ](https://www.spotify.com/us/privacy/)
  * [privacy policy ](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/)
  * [cookies ](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/cookies-policy/)
  * [about ads ](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/#s3)
  * [additional ca privacy disclosures ](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/california-privacy-disclosure/)

Â© 2021 spotify ab

