[ stack overflow ](https://stackoverflow.com)

  1. [about](/company)
  2. products 
  3. [for teams](/teams)

  1. [ stack overflow public questions & answers ](/questions)
  2. [ stack overflow for teams where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers ](/teams)
  3. [ jobs programming & related technical career opportunities ](/jobs?so_source=productsmenu&so_medium=stackoverflow)
  4. [ talent recruit tech talent & build your employer brand ](https://stackoverflow.com/talent)
  5. [ advertising reach developers & technologists worldwide ](https://stackoverflow.com/advertising)
  6. [about the company](/company)

loading…

  1.   2. [log in](https://stackoverflow.com/users/login?ssrc=head&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fstackoverflow.com%2flegal%2facceptable-use-policy) [sign up](https://stackoverflow.com/users/signup?ssrc=head&returnurl=%2fusers%2fstory%2fcurrent)
  3. ###  [current community](https://stackoverflow.com)

    * [ stack overflow  ](https://stackoverflow.com)

[help](https://stackoverflow.com/help)
[chat](https://chat.stackoverflow.com/?tab=site&host=stackoverflow.com)

    * [ meta stack overflow  ](https://meta.stackoverflow.com)

###  your communities

[sign
up](https://stackoverflow.com/users/signup?ssrc=site_switcher&returnurl=%2fusers%2fstory%2fcurrent)
or [log
in](https://stackoverflow.com/users/login?ssrc=site_switcher&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fstackoverflow.com%2flegal%2facceptable-
use-policy) to customize your list.

### [more stack exchange communities](https://stackexchange.com/sites)

[company blog](https://stackoverflow.blog)

  1. [ home  ](/)
  2.     1. public
    2. [ stack overflow ](/questions)
    3. [ tags  ](/tags)
    4. [ users  ](/users)
    5. find a job
    6. [ jobs  ](/jobs?so_medium=stackoverflow&so_source=sitenav)
    7. [ companies  ](/jobs/companies?so_medium=stackoverflow&so_source=sitenav)
  3.     1. teams

[ what's this? ](javascript:void\(0\))

    2. [ create a team  ](https://stackoverflow.com/teams/create "stack overflow for teams is a private, secure spot for your organization's questions and answers.")

**teams**

q&a for work

connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and
easy to search.

[ learn more ](https://stackoverflow.com/teams)

  * [public network terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service/public)
  * [stack overflow for teams terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service/teams)
  * [stack overflow for teams on premise enterprise terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service/on-prem)
    * [support services & sla for on-premises deployment](/legal/terms-of-service/on-prem/support)
    * [deployment services for on-premises instances](/legal/terms-of-service/on-prem/deployment)
  * [stack overflow business terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service/business)
  * [api terms of use](/legal/api-terms-of-use)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy-policy)
    * [public network](/legal/privacy-policy/public-network)
    * [talent](/legal/privacy-policy/talent)
    * [teams, basic](/legal/privacy-policy/teams-basic)
    * [teams, business](/legal/privacy-policy/teams-business)
    * [teams, enterprise](/legal/privacy-policy/teams-enterprise)
    * [integrations](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations)
      * [microsoft teams - teams, basic & business](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/ms-teams/teams-basic-business)
      * [microsoft teams - teams, enterprise](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/ms-teams/teams-enterprise)
      * [slack - teams, basic & business](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/slack/teams-basic-business)
      * [slack - teams, enterprise](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/slack/teams-enterprise)
      * [jira - teams, business](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/jira/teams-business)
      * [jira - teams, enterprise](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/jira/teams-enterprise)
  * [general data protection regulation (gdpr)](/legal/gdpr)
    * [gdpr subprocessors](/legal/gdpr/subprocessors)
  * [cookie policy](/legal/cookie-policy)
  * [acceptable use policy](/legal/acceptable-use-policy)
  * [trademark guidance](/legal/trademark-guidance)
  * [contact](/legal/contact)

## stack exchange network acceptable use policy

the intent of this document is to clarify what we consider to be acceptable
use of any website or service provided on the stack exchange network
(collectively "stack exchange", "network").

if you are found to be in violation of any of the below policies, you will
receive a notice via email. unless you explain or correct your behavior within
72 hours, your account will be suspended. we will do our best to work with you
and ensure a fair outcome in all cases. we reserve the right to immediately
suspend, without notice, any content, account, or ip address which we
determine to be submitting spam or other potentially damaging or disruptive
content to the network.

when your account is suspended, public access to content contributed under
that account may be blocked or removed, and your account may be suspended or
deleted at our discretion. access to other functionality or information within
the network may also be blocked or disabled.

**illegal use.** stack exchange may not be used for illegal purposes. examples
of this include using stack exchange for fraudulent purposes or operating a
phishing site (used to obtain account and password information).

**spam.** users that do not publish meaningful content, use deceptive means to
generate revenue or traffic, or whose primary purpose is affiliate marketing,
will be suspended.

**identity theft and privacy.** users that misleadingly appropriate the
identity of another person are not permitted. users may not post other
people's personally identifying or confidential information, including but not
limited to credit card numbers, social security numbers, and driver's and
other license numbers. you may not post information such as other people's
passwords, usernames, phone numbers, addresses and e-mail addresses unless
already publicly accessible on the web.

**hate content, defamation, and libel.** hate speech and other objectionable
content that is unlawful, defamatory, and fraudulent. note that an allegation
of defamatory expression, in and of itself, does not establish defamation. the
truth or falsehood of a bit of expression is a key element in establishing
defamation, and we are not in a position to make that sort of fact-based
judgment. that said, if we have reason to believe that a particular statement
is defamatory (a court order, for example), we will remove that statement.

**disruptions and exploits.** we will terminate accounts and block addresses
of those who attempt unauthorized use of the stack exchange network.

**copyright.** using copyrighted material does not constitute infringement in
all cases. in general, however, users should be careful when using copyrighted
content without the permission of those who created it. it is our policy to
respond to notices of alleged infringement sent to legal@stackoverflow.com
that comply with the [digital millennium copyright act
("dmca")](http://www.loc.gov/copyright/legislation/dmca.pdf).

**mass registration and automation.** accounts that are registered
automatically or systematically will be removed and access will be permanently
suspended.

**sexually explicit material.** accounts that use stack exchange to post
sexually explicit or pornographic material, or links to it, will be suspended.

[](https://stackoverflow.com)

##### [stack overflow](https://stackoverflow.com)

  * [questions](/questions)
  * [jobs](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs)
  * [developer jobs directory](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs/directory/developer-jobs)
  * [salary calculator](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs/salary)
  * [help](/help)
  * mobile

##### [products](https://stackoverflowbusiness.com)

  * [teams](https://stackoverflow.com/teams)
  * [talent](https://stackoverflow.com/talent)
  * [advertising](https://stackoverflow.com/advertising)
  * [enterprise](https://stackoverflow.com/enterprise)

##### [company](https://stackoverflow.com/company)

  * [about](https://stackoverflow.com/company)
  * [press](https://stackoverflow.com/company/press)
  * [work here](https://stackoverflow.com/company/work-here)
  * [legal](https://stackoverflow.com/legal)
  * [privacy policy](https://stackoverflow.com/legal/privacy-policy)
  * [terms of service](https://stackoverflow.com/legal/terms-of-service)
  * [contact us](https://stackoverflow.com/company/contact)

##### [stack exchange  
network](https://stackexchange.com)

  * technology
  * life / arts
  * culture / recreation
  * science
  * other

  * [stack overflow](https://stackoverflow.com "professional and enthusiast programmers")
  * [server fault](https://serverfault.com "system and network administrators")
  * [super user](https://superuser.com "computer enthusiasts and power users")
  * [web applications](https://webapps.stackexchange.com "power users of web applications")
  * [ask ubuntu](https://askubuntu.com "ubuntu users and developers")
  * [webmasters](https://webmasters.stackexchange.com "pro webmasters")
  * [game development](https://gamedev.stackexchange.com "professional and independent game developers")

  * [tex - latex](https://tex.stackexchange.com "users of tex, latex, context, and related typesetting systems")
  * [software engineering](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com "professionals, academics, and students working within the systems development life cycle")
  * [unix & linux](https://unix.stackexchange.com "users of linux, freebsd and other un*x-like operating systems")
  * [ask different (apple)](https://apple.stackexchange.com "power users of apple hardware and software")
  * [wordpress development](https://wordpress.stackexchange.com "wordpress developers and administrators")
  * [geographic information systems](https://gis.stackexchange.com "cartographers, geographers and gis professionals")
  * [electrical engineering](https://electronics.stackexchange.com "electronics and electrical engineering professionals, students, and enthusiasts")

  * [android enthusiasts](https://android.stackexchange.com "enthusiasts and power users of the android operating system")
  * [information security](https://security.stackexchange.com "information security professionals")
  * [database administrators](https://dba.stackexchange.com "database professionals who wish to improve their database skills and learn from others in the community")
  * [drupal answers](https://drupal.stackexchange.com "drupal developers and administrators")
  * [sharepoint](https://sharepoint.stackexchange.com "sharepoint enthusiasts")
  * [user experience](https://ux.stackexchange.com "user experience researchers and experts")
  * [mathematica](https://mathematica.stackexchange.com "users of wolfram mathematica")

  * [salesforce](https://salesforce.stackexchange.com "salesforce administrators, implementation experts, developers and anybody in-between")
  * [expressionengine® answers](https://expressionengine.stackexchange.com "administrators, end users, developers and designers for expressionengine® cms")
  * [stack overflow em portugues](https://pt.stackoverflow.com "programadores profissionais e entusiastas")
  * [blender](https://blender.stackexchange.com "people who use blender to create 3d graphics, animations, or games")
  * [network engineering](https://networkengineering.stackexchange.com "network engineers")
  * [cryptography](https://crypto.stackexchange.com "software developers, mathematicians and others interested in cryptography")
  * [code review](https://codereview.stackexchange.com "peer programmer code reviews")

  * [magento](https://magento.stackexchange.com "users of the magento e-commerce platform")
  * [software recommendations](https://softwarerecs.stackexchange.com "people seeking specific software recommendations")
  * [signal processing](https://dsp.stackexchange.com "practitioners of the art and science of signal, image and video processing")
  * [emacs](https://emacs.stackexchange.com "those using, extending or developing emacs")
  * [raspberry pi](https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com "users and developers of hardware and software for raspberry pi")
  * [stack overflow на русском](https://ru.stackoverflow.com "программистов")
  * [code golf](https://codegolf.stackexchange.com "programming puzzle enthusiasts and code golfers")

  * [stack overflow en español](https://es.stackoverflow.com "programadores y profesionales de la informática")
  * [ethereum](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com "users of ethereum, the decentralized application platform and smart contract enabled blockchain")
  * [data science](https://datascience.stackexchange.com "data science professionals, machine learning specialists, and those interested in learning more about the field")
  * [arduino](https://arduino.stackexchange.com "developers of open-source hardware and software that is compatible with arduino")
  * [bitcoin](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com "bitcoin crypto-currency enthusiasts")
  * [software quality assurance & testing](https://sqa.stackexchange.com "software quality control experts, automation engineers, and software testers")
  * [sound design](https://sound.stackexchange.com "sound engineers, producers, editors, and enthusiasts")

  * [windows phone](https://windowsphone.stackexchange.com "enthusiasts and power users of windows phone os")
  * [ **more (28)** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#technology)

  * [photography](https://photo.stackexchange.com "professional, enthusiast and amateur photographers")
  * [science fiction & fantasy](https://scifi.stackexchange.com "science fiction and fantasy enthusiasts")
  * [graphic design](https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com "graphic design professionals, students, and enthusiasts")
  * [movies & tv](https://movies.stackexchange.com "movie and tv enthusiasts")
  * [music: practice & theory](https://music.stackexchange.com "musicians, students, and enthusiasts")
  * [worldbuilding](https://worldbuilding.stackexchange.com "writers/artists using science, geography and culture to construct imaginary worlds and settings")
  * [video production](https://video.stackexchange.com "engineers, producers, editors, and enthusiasts spanning the fields of video, and media creation")

  * [seasoned advice (cooking)](https://cooking.stackexchange.com "professional and amateur chefs")
  * [home improvement](https://diy.stackexchange.com "contractors and serious diyers")
  * [personal finance & money](https://money.stackexchange.com "people who want to be financially literate")
  * [academia](https://academia.stackexchange.com "academics and those enrolled in higher education")
  * [law](https://law.stackexchange.com "legal professionals, students, and others with experience or interest in law")
  * [physical fitness](https://fitness.stackexchange.com "physical fitness professionals, athletes, trainers, and those providing health-related needs")
  * [gardening & landscaping](https://gardening.stackexchange.com "gardeners and landscapers")

  * [parenting](https://parenting.stackexchange.com "parents, grandparents, nannies and others with a parenting role")
  * [ **more (10)** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#lifearts)

  * [english language & usage](https://english.stackexchange.com "linguists, etymologists, and serious english language enthusiasts")
  * [skeptics](https://skeptics.stackexchange.com "scientific skepticism")
  * [mi yodeya (judaism)](https://judaism.stackexchange.com "those who base their lives on jewish law and tradition and anyone interested in learning more")
  * [travel](https://travel.stackexchange.com "road warriors and seasoned travelers")
  * [christianity](https://christianity.stackexchange.com "committed christians, experts in christianity and those interested in learning more")
  * [english language learners](https://ell.stackexchange.com "speakers of other languages learning english")
  * [japanese language](https://japanese.stackexchange.com "students, teachers, and linguists wanting to discuss the finer points of the japanese language")

  * [chinese language](https://chinese.stackexchange.com "students, teachers, and linguists wanting to discuss the finer points of the chinese language")
  * [french language](https://french.stackexchange.com "students, teachers, and linguists wanting to discuss the finer points of the french language")
  * [german language](https://german.stackexchange.com "speakers of german wanting to discuss the finer points of the language and translation")
  * [biblical hermeneutics](https://hermeneutics.stackexchange.com "professors, theologians, and those interested in exegetical analysis of biblical texts")
  * [history](https://history.stackexchange.com "historians and history buffs")
  * [spanish language](https://spanish.stackexchange.com "linguists, teachers, students and spanish language enthusiasts in general wanting to discuss the finer points of the language")
  * [islam](https://islam.stackexchange.com "muslims, experts in islam, and those interested in learning more about islam")

  * [русский язык](https://rus.stackexchange.com "лингвистов и энтузиастов русского языка")
  * [russian language](https://russian.stackexchange.com "students, teachers, and linguists wanting to discuss the finer points of the russian language")
  * [arqade (gaming)](https://gaming.stackexchange.com "passionate videogamers on all platforms")
  * [bicycles](https://bicycles.stackexchange.com "people who build and repair bicycles, people who train cycling, or commute on bicycles")
  * [role-playing games](https://rpg.stackexchange.com "gamemasters and players of tabletop, paper-and-pencil role-playing games")
  * [anime & manga](https://anime.stackexchange.com "anime and manga fans")
  * [puzzling](https://puzzling.stackexchange.com "those who create, solve, and study puzzles")

  * [motor vehicle maintenance & repair](https://mechanics.stackexchange.com "mechanics and diy enthusiast owners of cars, trucks, and motorcycles")
  * [board & card games](https://boardgames.stackexchange.com "people who like playing board games, designing board games or modifying the rules of existing board games")
  * [bricks](https://bricks.stackexchange.com "lego® and building block enthusiasts")
  * [homebrewing](https://homebrew.stackexchange.com "dedicated home brewers and serious enthusiasts")
  * [martial arts](https://martialarts.stackexchange.com "students and teachers of all martial arts")
  * [the great outdoors](https://outdoors.stackexchange.com "people who love being outdoors enjoying nature and wilderness, and learning about the required skills and equipment")
  * [poker](https://poker.stackexchange.com "serious players and enthusiasts of poker")

  * [chess](https://chess.stackexchange.com "serious players and enthusiasts of chess")
  * [sports](https://sports.stackexchange.com "participants in team and individual sport activities")
  * [ **more (16)** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#culturerecreation)

  * [mathoverflow](https://mathoverflow.net "professional mathematicians")
  * [mathematics](https://math.stackexchange.com "people studying math at any level and professionals in related fields")
  * [cross validated (stats)](https://stats.stackexchange.com "people interested in statistics, machine learning, data analysis, data mining, and data visualization")
  * [theoretical computer science](https://cstheory.stackexchange.com "theoretical computer scientists and researchers in related fields")
  * [physics](https://physics.stackexchange.com "active researchers, academics and students of physics")
  * [chemistry](https://chemistry.stackexchange.com "scientists, academics, teachers, and students in the field of chemistry")
  * [biology](https://biology.stackexchange.com "biology researchers, academics, and students")

  * [computer science](https://cs.stackexchange.com "students, researchers and practitioners of computer science")
  * [philosophy](https://philosophy.stackexchange.com "those interested in the study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence")
  * [linguistics](https://linguistics.stackexchange.com "professional linguists and others with an interest in linguistic research and theory")
  * [psychology & neuroscience](https://psychology.stackexchange.com "practitioners, researchers, and students in cognitive science, psychology, neuroscience, and psychiatry")
  * [computational science](https://scicomp.stackexchange.com "scientists using computers to solve scientific problems")
  * [ **more (10)** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#science)

  * [meta stack exchange](https://meta.stackexchange.com "meta-discussion of the stack exchange family of q&a websites")
  * [stack apps](https://stackapps.com "apps, scripts, and development with the stack exchange api")
  * [api](https://api.stackexchange.com "programmatic interaction with stack exchange sites")
  * [data](https://data.stackexchange.com "querying stack exchange data using sql")

  * [blog](https://stackoverflow.blog?blb=1)
  * [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/officialstackoverflow/)
  * [twitter](https://twitter.com/stackoverflow)
  * [linkedin](https://linkedin.com/company/stack-overflow)
  * [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/thestackoverflow)

site design / logo (c) 2021 stack exchange inc; user contributions licensed
under [cc by-sa](https://stackoverflow.com/help/licensing). rev
2021.2.26.38670

stack overflow works best with javascript enabled
![](https://pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-c1rf4kxgluznc.gif)

