[ stack overflow ](https://stackoverflow.com)

  1. [about](/company)
  2. products 
  3. [for teams](/teams)

  1. [ stack overflow public questions & answers ](/questions)
  2. [ stack overflow for teams where developers & technologists share private knowledge with coworkers ](/teams)
  3. [ jobs programming & related technical career opportunities ](/jobs?so_source=productsmenu&so_medium=stackoverflow)
  4. [ talent recruit tech talent & build your employer brand ](https://stackoverflow.com/talent)
  5. [ advertising reach developers & technologists worldwide ](https://stackoverflow.com/advertising)
  6. [about the company](/company)

loading…

  1.   2. [log in](https://stackoverflow.com/users/login?ssrc=head&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fstackoverflow.com%2flegal%2ftrademark-guidance) [sign up](https://stackoverflow.com/users/signup?ssrc=head&returnurl=%2fusers%2fstory%2fcurrent)
  3. ###  [current community](https://stackoverflow.com)

    * [ stack overflow  ](https://stackoverflow.com)

[help](https://stackoverflow.com/help)
[chat](https://chat.stackoverflow.com/?tab=site&host=stackoverflow.com)

    * [ meta stack overflow  ](https://meta.stackoverflow.com)

###  your communities

[sign
up](https://stackoverflow.com/users/signup?ssrc=site_switcher&returnurl=%2fusers%2fstory%2fcurrent)
or [log
in](https://stackoverflow.com/users/login?ssrc=site_switcher&returnurl=https%3a%2f%2fstackoverflow.com%2flegal%2ftrademark-
guidance) to customize your list.

### [more stack exchange communities](https://stackexchange.com/sites)

[company blog](https://stackoverflow.blog)

  1. [ home  ](/)
  2.     1. public
    2. [ stack overflow ](/questions)
    3. [ tags  ](/tags)
    4. [ users  ](/users)
    5. find a job
    6. [ jobs  ](/jobs?so_medium=stackoverflow&so_source=sitenav)
    7. [ companies  ](/jobs/companies?so_medium=stackoverflow&so_source=sitenav)
  3.     1. teams

[ what's this? ](javascript:void\(0\))

    2. [ create a team  ](https://stackoverflow.com/teams/create "stack overflow for teams is a private, secure spot for your organization's questions and answers.")

**teams**

q&a for work

connect and share knowledge within a single location that is structured and
easy to search.

[ learn more ](https://stackoverflow.com/teams)

  * [public network terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service/public)
  * [stack overflow for teams terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service/teams)
  * [stack overflow for teams on premise enterprise terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service/on-prem)
    * [support services & sla for on-premises deployment](/legal/terms-of-service/on-prem/support)
    * [deployment services for on-premises instances](/legal/terms-of-service/on-prem/deployment)
  * [stack overflow business terms of service](/legal/terms-of-service/business)
  * [api terms of use](/legal/api-terms-of-use)
  * [privacy policy](/legal/privacy-policy)
    * [public network](/legal/privacy-policy/public-network)
    * [talent](/legal/privacy-policy/talent)
    * [teams, basic](/legal/privacy-policy/teams-basic)
    * [teams, business](/legal/privacy-policy/teams-business)
    * [teams, enterprise](/legal/privacy-policy/teams-enterprise)
    * [integrations](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations)
      * [microsoft teams - teams, basic & business](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/ms-teams/teams-basic-business)
      * [microsoft teams - teams, enterprise](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/ms-teams/teams-enterprise)
      * [slack - teams, basic & business](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/slack/teams-basic-business)
      * [slack - teams, enterprise](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/slack/teams-enterprise)
      * [jira - teams, business](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/jira/teams-business)
      * [jira - teams, enterprise](/legal/privacy-policy/integrations/jira/teams-enterprise)
  * [general data protection regulation (gdpr)](/legal/gdpr)
    * [gdpr subprocessors](/legal/gdpr/subprocessors)
  * [cookie policy](/legal/cookie-policy)
  * [acceptable use policy](/legal/acceptable-use-policy)
  * [trademark guidance](/legal/trademark-guidance)
  * [contact](/legal/contact)

## guidelines for the use of the stack exchange, inc. trademarks

we believe in our core mission to _"make the internet a better place to get
expert answers to your questions."_ we decided early on that all user-
generated content in the stack exchange network would be given back to the
community under a [creative commons
license](https://stackoverflow.blog/2009/06/04/stack-overflow-creative-
commons-data-dump/). we created the [stack exchange
api](http://stackapps.com/) as a way to allow users to write applications
which use the stack exchange network in new and creative ways. with open
access to use (and reuse) our services, it is important that users not be
confused by our relationship with the people who use our content and our
services.

### what this document covers

this document is designed to establish guidelines for use of our names
(copyright) and logos (trademarks). the "names" and "logos" discussed here
refer collectively to **any** **site or service** on the stack exchange
network and stack exchange inc. this document does not replace or waive any
rights protected under trademark or copyright law. please note:

  * if you would like to use our trademark or name in ways **not clearly covered** by this document, please [contact us](mailto:team@stackexchange.com).
  * if you ever stumble across anything that looks like it violates our copyright, trademark, or policies, please [let us know](mailto:team@stackexchange.com).

### trademark and copyright

the logos associated with stack exchange inc. and any stack exchange site are
a trademark. the purpose of trademark law is to prevent consumers from being
misled as to the origin of a product. so if you were making a product, and you
used a stack exchange name or logo in your product (or in its advertising) in
such a way that would mislead someone into thinking that your product was
owned by, operated by, endorsed by, or in any way part of stack exchange inc.,
you would be violating the trademark and this would not be legal.

our logo images and site names are copyrighted. any content on the stack
exchange network **not contributed by users** is copyrighted. copyright is
different than trademark. ordinarily you couldn't copy it. but if you were
writing a news story or blog post about a stack exchange site, reproducing the
logo image would almost certainly be considered "fair use" and allowed under
trademark law because you were not using it "in trade."

### naming your product, application, website, or domain name

we want you to create awesome products, applications, and web sites
(collectively "products") using the stack exchange api . we want people to
recognize your product as an enhancement of the stack exchange ecosystem and
use it with enthusiasm. but stack exchange is the name of our company and
services, so we have to be cautious about any confusion that may cause.

  * do name your application with something unique. including **one** of the terms, "stack" or "exchange" or "overflow" in your product name is generally okay.
  * do feel free to explain that your product is built on the stack exchange platform so people understand your product.
  * do not use our name in the name of your product.
  * do not register or use a domain name containing our name (or misspellings of our name). 
  * do not apply for a trademark with a name that includes our own.

### design of your product

  * do design your product with unique branding and logos.
  * do feel free to use names or logos for the purpose of labeling our sites within your product, as long as use of such logos could not be confused with the branding or endorsement of the product itself.
  * do not copy the look and feel of our products.
  * do not include elements of our network that are not user-contributed content (i.e. no copyright material).
  * do not use our name, logo, or service to promote or allow fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activities.

### use of our name or logo in advertising

  * do use the most current logo where applicable and permitted.
  * do use the proper name for our company, product, or service (see "proper use of the stack exchange name" below).
  * do not use our logo unless you have been granted special permission by stack exchange inc.
  * do not use our name or logo in a way that might imply a false sense of partnership or endorsement with your product.
  * do not use any name or logo that is similar to or might be confused with our name or logo.
  * do not distort or alter our logo in any way.
  * do not use our logo in a way that confuses our brand with another brand.
  * do not use any other artwork from our network without explicit permission.

### promoting your own account

  * do feel free to use your profile "flair" to reference or link to your user account. use of unaltered logos in the context of displaying the entire content of user flair is generally okay.
  * do use the same guidelines as "advertising" when promoting your own account.
  * do not manipulate the logos or imply sponsorship, endorsement, or false information related to your association or account on stack exchange.

### writing a book about stack exchange

  * do make sure the title of your book makes clear that it's a book _about_ stack exchange, and not _by_ stack exchange. for example, "learning how to use stack exchange" is appropriate, whereas "the stack exchange guide to q&a" is not.
  * do not use a confusing book title which might imply your book is endorsed or written by us.
  * do not use our logo on your cover or in your title.
  * do not use our name, logo, or service to promote or allow fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activities.

### merchandise/manufactured items

we generally do not permit use of our name or logo on merchandise.

  * do contact stack exchange inc. with a detailed proposal if you would like to request an exception.
  * do not use the names or logos owned by stack exchange inc. on any apparel or merchandise without our permission.

### proper use of the stack exchange name

there is some confusion around the proper use and context of the stack
exchange name. here are some guidelines:

  * **stack exchange inc.** is the official name of the company.
  * **stack overflow** is a programmer q&a site on the stack exchange network. as a name, stack overflow, is always written "stack overflow" (two words, capital letters). the website domain name is always written **stackoverflow.com** (no camelcase, single word capitalization rules apply). currently, all stack exchange network sites follow this convention: server fault (serverfault.com), super user (superuser.com), etc.
  * a **stack exchange site** is a q&a website built on the technology of stack exchange inc. the phrase "stack exchange" is generally used as an adjective, not a noun. one would say "propose a stack exchange site on area 51" (correct), not "propose a stack exchange on area 51" (wrong).
  * the **stack exchange network** refers to the collection of stack exchange sites and services.
  * **area 51** (two words) is the site used to propose new stack exchange sites for the stack exchange network.
  * the **stack exchange api** allows users to write applications based on the stack exchange engine. the api is always referred to as "stack exchange api", even if the application is written for a specific site (i.e. never stack overflow api, server fault api, etc.).
  * **the overflow** is the company blog which talks about everything we're doing on all our sites and what the company itself is doing.

_the stack exchange name and logos are trademarks of stack exchange inc. the
names and logos for sites and products operating on the stack exchange network
are also trademarks of stack exchange inc._

[](https://stackoverflow.com)

##### [stack overflow](https://stackoverflow.com)

  * [questions](/questions)
  * [jobs](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs)
  * [developer jobs directory](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs/directory/developer-jobs)
  * [salary calculator](https://stackoverflow.com/jobs/salary)
  * [help](/help)
  * mobile

##### [products](https://stackoverflowbusiness.com)

  * [teams](https://stackoverflow.com/teams)
  * [talent](https://stackoverflow.com/talent)
  * [advertising](https://stackoverflow.com/advertising)
  * [enterprise](https://stackoverflow.com/enterprise)

##### [company](https://stackoverflow.com/company)

  * [about](https://stackoverflow.com/company)
  * [press](https://stackoverflow.com/company/press)
  * [work here](https://stackoverflow.com/company/work-here)
  * [legal](https://stackoverflow.com/legal)
  * [privacy policy](https://stackoverflow.com/legal/privacy-policy)
  * [terms of service](https://stackoverflow.com/legal/terms-of-service)
  * [contact us](https://stackoverflow.com/company/contact)

##### [stack exchange  
network](https://stackexchange.com)

  * technology
  * life / arts
  * culture / recreation
  * science
  * other

  * [stack overflow](https://stackoverflow.com "professional and enthusiast programmers")
  * [server fault](https://serverfault.com "system and network administrators")
  * [super user](https://superuser.com "computer enthusiasts and power users")
  * [web applications](https://webapps.stackexchange.com "power users of web applications")
  * [ask ubuntu](https://askubuntu.com "ubuntu users and developers")
  * [webmasters](https://webmasters.stackexchange.com "pro webmasters")
  * [game development](https://gamedev.stackexchange.com "professional and independent game developers")

  * [tex - latex](https://tex.stackexchange.com "users of tex, latex, context, and related typesetting systems")
  * [software engineering](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com "professionals, academics, and students working within the systems development life cycle")
  * [unix & linux](https://unix.stackexchange.com "users of linux, freebsd and other un*x-like operating systems")
  * [ask different (apple)](https://apple.stackexchange.com "power users of apple hardware and software")
  * [wordpress development](https://wordpress.stackexchange.com "wordpress developers and administrators")
  * [geographic information systems](https://gis.stackexchange.com "cartographers, geographers and gis professionals")
  * [electrical engineering](https://electronics.stackexchange.com "electronics and electrical engineering professionals, students, and enthusiasts")

  * [android enthusiasts](https://android.stackexchange.com "enthusiasts and power users of the android operating system")
  * [information security](https://security.stackexchange.com "information security professionals")
  * [database administrators](https://dba.stackexchange.com "database professionals who wish to improve their database skills and learn from others in the community")
  * [drupal answers](https://drupal.stackexchange.com "drupal developers and administrators")
  * [sharepoint](https://sharepoint.stackexchange.com "sharepoint enthusiasts")
  * [user experience](https://ux.stackexchange.com "user experience researchers and experts")
  * [mathematica](https://mathematica.stackexchange.com "users of wolfram mathematica")

  * [salesforce](https://salesforce.stackexchange.com "salesforce administrators, implementation experts, developers and anybody in-between")
  * [expressionengine® answers](https://expressionengine.stackexchange.com "administrators, end users, developers and designers for expressionengine® cms")
  * [stack overflow em portugues](https://pt.stackoverflow.com "programadores profissionais e entusiastas")
  * [blender](https://blender.stackexchange.com "people who use blender to create 3d graphics, animations, or games")
  * [network engineering](https://networkengineering.stackexchange.com "network engineers")
  * [cryptography](https://crypto.stackexchange.com "software developers, mathematicians and others interested in cryptography")
  * [code review](https://codereview.stackexchange.com "peer programmer code reviews")

  * [magento](https://magento.stackexchange.com "users of the magento e-commerce platform")
  * [software recommendations](https://softwarerecs.stackexchange.com "people seeking specific software recommendations")
  * [signal processing](https://dsp.stackexchange.com "practitioners of the art and science of signal, image and video processing")
  * [emacs](https://emacs.stackexchange.com "those using, extending or developing emacs")
  * [raspberry pi](https://raspberrypi.stackexchange.com "users and developers of hardware and software for raspberry pi")
  * [stack overflow на русском](https://ru.stackoverflow.com "программистов")
  * [code golf](https://codegolf.stackexchange.com "programming puzzle enthusiasts and code golfers")

  * [stack overflow en español](https://es.stackoverflow.com "programadores y profesionales de la informática")
  * [ethereum](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com "users of ethereum, the decentralized application platform and smart contract enabled blockchain")
  * [data science](https://datascience.stackexchange.com "data science professionals, machine learning specialists, and those interested in learning more about the field")
  * [arduino](https://arduino.stackexchange.com "developers of open-source hardware and software that is compatible with arduino")
  * [bitcoin](https://bitcoin.stackexchange.com "bitcoin crypto-currency enthusiasts")
  * [software quality assurance & testing](https://sqa.stackexchange.com "software quality control experts, automation engineers, and software testers")
  * [sound design](https://sound.stackexchange.com "sound engineers, producers, editors, and enthusiasts")

  * [windows phone](https://windowsphone.stackexchange.com "enthusiasts and power users of windows phone os")
  * [ **more (28)** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#technology)

  * [photography](https://photo.stackexchange.com "professional, enthusiast and amateur photographers")
  * [science fiction & fantasy](https://scifi.stackexchange.com "science fiction and fantasy enthusiasts")
  * [graphic design](https://graphicdesign.stackexchange.com "graphic design professionals, students, and enthusiasts")
  * [movies & tv](https://movies.stackexchange.com "movie and tv enthusiasts")
  * [music: practice & theory](https://music.stackexchange.com "musicians, students, and enthusiasts")
  * [worldbuilding](https://worldbuilding.stackexchange.com "writers/artists using science, geography and culture to construct imaginary worlds and settings")
  * [video production](https://video.stackexchange.com "engineers, producers, editors, and enthusiasts spanning the fields of video, and media creation")

  * [seasoned advice (cooking)](https://cooking.stackexchange.com "professional and amateur chefs")
  * [home improvement](https://diy.stackexchange.com "contractors and serious diyers")
  * [personal finance & money](https://money.stackexchange.com "people who want to be financially literate")
  * [academia](https://academia.stackexchange.com "academics and those enrolled in higher education")
  * [law](https://law.stackexchange.com "legal professionals, students, and others with experience or interest in law")
  * [physical fitness](https://fitness.stackexchange.com "physical fitness professionals, athletes, trainers, and those providing health-related needs")
  * [gardening & landscaping](https://gardening.stackexchange.com "gardeners and landscapers")

  * [parenting](https://parenting.stackexchange.com "parents, grandparents, nannies and others with a parenting role")
  * [ **more (10)** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#lifearts)

  * [english language & usage](https://english.stackexchange.com "linguists, etymologists, and serious english language enthusiasts")
  * [skeptics](https://skeptics.stackexchange.com "scientific skepticism")
  * [mi yodeya (judaism)](https://judaism.stackexchange.com "those who base their lives on jewish law and tradition and anyone interested in learning more")
  * [travel](https://travel.stackexchange.com "road warriors and seasoned travelers")
  * [christianity](https://christianity.stackexchange.com "committed christians, experts in christianity and those interested in learning more")
  * [english language learners](https://ell.stackexchange.com "speakers of other languages learning english")
  * [japanese language](https://japanese.stackexchange.com "students, teachers, and linguists wanting to discuss the finer points of the japanese language")

  * [chinese language](https://chinese.stackexchange.com "students, teachers, and linguists wanting to discuss the finer points of the chinese language")
  * [french language](https://french.stackexchange.com "students, teachers, and linguists wanting to discuss the finer points of the french language")
  * [german language](https://german.stackexchange.com "speakers of german wanting to discuss the finer points of the language and translation")
  * [biblical hermeneutics](https://hermeneutics.stackexchange.com "professors, theologians, and those interested in exegetical analysis of biblical texts")
  * [history](https://history.stackexchange.com "historians and history buffs")
  * [spanish language](https://spanish.stackexchange.com "linguists, teachers, students and spanish language enthusiasts in general wanting to discuss the finer points of the language")
  * [islam](https://islam.stackexchange.com "muslims, experts in islam, and those interested in learning more about islam")

  * [русский язык](https://rus.stackexchange.com "лингвистов и энтузиастов русского языка")
  * [russian language](https://russian.stackexchange.com "students, teachers, and linguists wanting to discuss the finer points of the russian language")
  * [arqade (gaming)](https://gaming.stackexchange.com "passionate videogamers on all platforms")
  * [bicycles](https://bicycles.stackexchange.com "people who build and repair bicycles, people who train cycling, or commute on bicycles")
  * [role-playing games](https://rpg.stackexchange.com "gamemasters and players of tabletop, paper-and-pencil role-playing games")
  * [anime & manga](https://anime.stackexchange.com "anime and manga fans")
  * [puzzling](https://puzzling.stackexchange.com "those who create, solve, and study puzzles")

  * [motor vehicle maintenance & repair](https://mechanics.stackexchange.com "mechanics and diy enthusiast owners of cars, trucks, and motorcycles")
  * [board & card games](https://boardgames.stackexchange.com "people who like playing board games, designing board games or modifying the rules of existing board games")
  * [bricks](https://bricks.stackexchange.com "lego® and building block enthusiasts")
  * [homebrewing](https://homebrew.stackexchange.com "dedicated home brewers and serious enthusiasts")
  * [martial arts](https://martialarts.stackexchange.com "students and teachers of all martial arts")
  * [the great outdoors](https://outdoors.stackexchange.com "people who love being outdoors enjoying nature and wilderness, and learning about the required skills and equipment")
  * [poker](https://poker.stackexchange.com "serious players and enthusiasts of poker")

  * [chess](https://chess.stackexchange.com "serious players and enthusiasts of chess")
  * [sports](https://sports.stackexchange.com "participants in team and individual sport activities")
  * [ **more (16)** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#culturerecreation)

  * [mathoverflow](https://mathoverflow.net "professional mathematicians")
  * [mathematics](https://math.stackexchange.com "people studying math at any level and professionals in related fields")
  * [cross validated (stats)](https://stats.stackexchange.com "people interested in statistics, machine learning, data analysis, data mining, and data visualization")
  * [theoretical computer science](https://cstheory.stackexchange.com "theoretical computer scientists and researchers in related fields")
  * [physics](https://physics.stackexchange.com "active researchers, academics and students of physics")
  * [chemistry](https://chemistry.stackexchange.com "scientists, academics, teachers, and students in the field of chemistry")
  * [biology](https://biology.stackexchange.com "biology researchers, academics, and students")

  * [computer science](https://cs.stackexchange.com "students, researchers and practitioners of computer science")
  * [philosophy](https://philosophy.stackexchange.com "those interested in the study of the fundamental nature of knowledge, reality, and existence")
  * [linguistics](https://linguistics.stackexchange.com "professional linguists and others with an interest in linguistic research and theory")
  * [psychology & neuroscience](https://psychology.stackexchange.com "practitioners, researchers, and students in cognitive science, psychology, neuroscience, and psychiatry")
  * [computational science](https://scicomp.stackexchange.com "scientists using computers to solve scientific problems")
  * [ **more (10)** ](https://stackexchange.com/sites#science)

  * [meta stack exchange](https://meta.stackexchange.com "meta-discussion of the stack exchange family of q&a websites")
  * [stack apps](https://stackapps.com "apps, scripts, and development with the stack exchange api")
  * [api](https://api.stackexchange.com "programmatic interaction with stack exchange sites")
  * [data](https://data.stackexchange.com "querying stack exchange data using sql")

  * [blog](https://stackoverflow.blog?blb=1)
  * [facebook](https://www.facebook.com/officialstackoverflow/)
  * [twitter](https://twitter.com/stackoverflow)
  * [linkedin](https://linkedin.com/company/stack-overflow)
  * [instagram](https://www.instagram.com/thestackoverflow)

site design / logo (c) 2021 stack exchange inc; user contributions licensed
under [cc by-sa](https://stackoverflow.com/help/licensing). rev
2021.2.26.38670

stack overflow works best with javascript enabled
![](https://pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-c1rf4kxgluznc.gif)

