[ login
](https://store.steampowered.com/login/?redir=steam_refunds%2f&redir_ssl=1&snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header) [ store
](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu)

[home](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu) [discovery
queue](https://store.steampowered.com/explore/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu) [wishlist](https://steamcommunity.com/my/wishlist/) [points
shop](https://store.steampowered.com/points/shop/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu)
[news](https://store.steampowered.com/news/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu)
[stats](https://store.steampowered.com/stats/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu)

[ community ](https://steamcommunity.com/)

[home](https://steamcommunity.com/)
[discussions](https://steamcommunity.com/discussions/)
[workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/)
[market](https://steamcommunity.com/market/)
[broadcasts](https://steamcommunity.com/?subsection=broadcasts)

[ support ](https://help.steampowered.com/en/)

change language

view desktop website

![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/shared/images/responsive/logo_valve_footer.png)

© valve corporation. all rights reserved. all trademarks are property of their
respective owners in the us and other countries.  [privacy
policy](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu)  |  [legal](http://www.valvesoftware.com/legal.htm)  |
[steam subscriber
agreement](https://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreement/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu)  |
[refunds](https://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu)

![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/shared/images/responsive/header_menu_hamburger.png)

[
![steam](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/shared/images/responsive/header_logo.png)
](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
responsive-menu)

[
![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/shared/images/header/logo_steam.svg?t=962016)
](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header)

[ store
](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header)

[home](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header) [discovery
queue](https://store.steampowered.com/explore/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header) [wishlist](https://steamcommunity.com/my/wishlist/) [points
shop](https://store.steampowered.com/points/shop/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header)
[news](https://store.steampowered.com/news/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header)
[stats](https://store.steampowered.com/stats/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header)

[ community ](https://steamcommunity.com/)

[home](https://steamcommunity.com/)
[discussions](https://steamcommunity.com/discussions/)
[workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/)
[market](https://steamcommunity.com/market/)
[broadcasts](https://steamcommunity.com/?subsection=broadcasts)

[ about
](https://store.steampowered.com/about/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header) [ support ](https://help.steampowered.com/en/)

[ install steam
](https://store.steampowered.com/about/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header)

[login](https://store.steampowered.com/login/?redir=steam_refunds%2f&redir_ssl=1&snr=1_subscriberagreement_refundpolicy__global-
header)  |  language

[简体中文 (simplified chinese)](?l=schinese) [繁體中文 (traditional
chinese)](?l=tchinese) [日本語 (japanese)](?l=japanese) [한국어
(korean)](?l=koreana) [ไทย (thai)](?l=thai) [български
(bulgarian)](?l=bulgarian) [čeština (czech)](?l=czech) [dansk
(danish)](?l=danish) [deutsch (german)](?l=german) [español - españa (spanish
- spain)](?l=spanish) [español - latinoamérica (spanish - latin
america)](?l=latam) [ελληνικά (greek)](?l=greek) [français
(french)](?l=french) [italiano (italian)](?l=italian) [magyar
(hungarian)](?l=hungarian) [nederlands (dutch)](?l=dutch) [norsk
(norwegian)](?l=norwegian) [polski (polish)](?l=polish) [português
(portuguese)](?l=portuguese) [português - brasil (portuguese -
brazil)](?l=brazilian) [română (romanian)](?l=romanian) [русский
(russian)](?l=russian) [suomi (finnish)](?l=finnish) [svenska
(swedish)](?l=swedish) [türkçe (turkish)](?l=turkish) [tiếng việt
(vietnamese)](?l=vietnamese) [українська (ukrainian)](?l=ukrainian) [help us
translate steam](http://translation.steampowered.com)

## steam refunds

you can request a refund for nearly any purchase on steam—for any reason.
maybe your pc doesn't meet the hardware requirements; maybe you bought a game
by mistake; maybe you played the title for an hour and just didn't like it.

it doesn't matter. valve will, upon request via
[help.steampowered.com](https://help.steampowered.com), issue a refund for any
reason, if the request is made within the required return period, and, in the
case of games, if the title has been played for less than two hours. there are
more details below, but even if you fall outside of the refund rules we’ve
described, you can ask for a refund anyway and we’ll take a look.

you will be issued a full refund of your purchase within a week of approval.
you will receive the refund in steam wallet funds or through the same payment
method you used to make the purchase. if, for any reason, steam is unable to
issue a refund via your initial payment method, your steam wallet will be
credited the full amount. (some payment methods available through steam in
your country may not support refunding a purchase back to the original payment
method. [click here for a full
list](https://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds_methods).)

# where refunds apply

the steam refund offer, within two weeks of purchase and with less than two
hours of playtime, applies to games and software applications on the steam
store. here is an overview of how refunds work with other types of purchases.

## refunds on downloadable content  
(steam store content usable within another game or software application,
"dlc")

dlc purchased from the steam store is refundable within fourteen days of
purchase, and if the underlying title has been played for less than two hours
since the dlc was purchased, so long as the dlc has not been consumed,
modified or transferred. please note that in some cases, steam will be unable
to give refunds for some third party dlc (for example, if the dlc irreversibly
levels up a game character). these exceptions will be clearly marked as
nonrefundable on the store page prior to purchase.

## refunds on in-game purchases

steam will offer refund for in-game purchases within any valve-developed games
within forty-eight hours of purchase, so long as the in-game item has not been
consumed, modified or transferred. third-party developers will have the option
to enable refunds for in-game items on these terms. steam will tell you at the
time of purchase if the game developer has opted to offer refunds on the in-
game item you are buying. otherwise, in-game purchases in non-valve games are
not refundable through steam.

## refunds on pre-purchased titles

when you pre-purchase a title on steam (and have paid for the title in
advance), you can request a refund at any time prior to release of that title.
the standard 14-day/two-hour refund period also applies, starting on the
game’s release date.

## steam wallet refunds

you may request a refund for steam wallet funds within fourteen days of
purchase if they were purchased on steam and if you have not used any of those
funds.

## renewable subscriptions

for some content and services, steam offers periodic (e.g. monthly, yearly)
access that you pay for on a recurring basis. if a renewable subscription has
not been used during the current billing cycle, you may request a refund
within 48 hours of the initial purchase or within 48 hours of any automatic
renewal. content is considered used if any games within the subscription have
been played during the current billing cycle or if any benefits or discounts
included with the subscription have been used, consumed, modified or
transferred.

please note that you can cancel an active subscription at any time by going to
[your account details](https://store.steampowered.com/account/subscriptions/).
once cancelled, your subscription will no longer automatically renew but you
will retain access to the content and benefits of the subscription through the
end of your current billing cycle.

## steam hardware

within the applicable time frame identified in the [hardware refund
policy](https://store.steampowered.com/hardware_order_terms), you may request
a refund for steam hardware and accessories purchased via steam for any
reason. you must ship the hardware back to us within fourteen (14) days after
requesting the refund, following the instructions we provide you. please see
the [hardware refund
policy](https://store.steampowered.com/hardware_order_terms) for detailed
guidelines on the return and cancellation process for steam hardware and
accessories.

## refunds on bundles

you can receive a full refund for any bundle purchased on the steam store, so
long as none of the items in the bundle have been transferred, and if the
combined usage time for all items in the bundle is less than two hours. if a
bundle includes an in-game item or dlc that is not refundable, steam will tell
you if the whole bundle is refundable during check-out.

## purchases made outside of steam

valve cannot provide refunds for purchases made outside of steam (for example,
cd keys or steam wallet cards purchased from third parties).

## vac bans

if you have been banned by vac (the valve anti-cheat system) on a game, you
lose the right to refund that game.

## video content

we are unable to offer refunds for video content on steam (e.g. movies,
shorts, series, episodes, and tutorials), unless the video is in a bundle with
other (non-video) refundable content.

## refunds on gifts

unredeemed gifts may be refunded within the standard 14-day/two-hour refund
period. redeemed gifts may be refunded under the same conditions if the gift
recipient initiates the refund. funds used to purchase the gift will be
returned to the original purchaser.

## eu right of withdrawal

for an explanation of how the eu right of withdrawal works for steam
customers, [click
here](https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=8620-qyal-4516).

## abuse

refunds are designed to remove the risk from purchasing titles on steam—not as
a way to get free games. if it appears to us that you are abusing refunds, we
may stop offering them to you. we do not consider it abuse to request a refund
on a title that was purchased just before a sale and then immediately rebuying
that title for the sale price.

# how to request a refund

you can request a refund or get other assistance with your steam purchases at
[help.steampowered.com](https://help.steampowered.com).

  

last updated november 10, 2020

![valve
software](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/v6/logo_steam_footer.png)

[![valve
software](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/footerlogo_valve_new.png)](http://www.valvesoftware.com)

(c) 2021 valve corporation. all rights reserved. all trademarks are property
of their respective owners in the us and other countries.

vat included in all prices where applicable.   [privacy
policy](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/?snr=1_44_44_)   |
[legal](https://store.steampowered.com/legal/?snr=1_44_44_)   |   [steam
subscriber
agreement](https://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreement/?snr=1_44_44_)
|   [refunds](https://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds/?snr=1_44_44_)

view mobile website

  

[about valve](http://www.valvesoftware.com/about.html)   |
[steamworks](http://www.steampowered.com/steamworks/)   |
[jobs](http://www.valvesoftware.com/jobs.html)   |  [steam
distribution](https://partner.steamgames.com/steamdirect)   |  [gift
cards](https://store.steampowered.com/digitalgiftcards/?snr=1_44_44_)   |
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/ico/ico_facebook.gif)
steam](https://steamcommunity.com/linkfilter/?url=http://www.facebook.com/steam)
|
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/ico/ico_twitter.gif)
@steam](http://twitter.com/steam)

