[ login
](https://store.steampowered.com/login/?redir=privacy_agreement%2f&redir_ssl=1&snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header) [ store
](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu)

[home](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu) [discovery
queue](https://store.steampowered.com/explore/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu) [wishlist](https://steamcommunity.com/my/wishlist/) [points
shop](https://store.steampowered.com/points/shop/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu)
[news](https://store.steampowered.com/news/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu)
[stats](https://store.steampowered.com/stats/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu)

[ community ](https://steamcommunity.com/)

[home](https://steamcommunity.com/)
[discussions](https://steamcommunity.com/discussions/)
[workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/)
[market](https://steamcommunity.com/market/)
[broadcasts](https://steamcommunity.com/?subsection=broadcasts)

[ support ](https://help.steampowered.com/en/)

change language

view desktop website

![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/shared/images/responsive/logo_valve_footer.png)

© valve corporation. all rights reserved. all trademarks are property of their
respective owners in the us and other countries.  [privacy
policy](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu)  |  [legal](http://www.valvesoftware.com/legal.htm)  |
[steam subscriber
agreement](https://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreement/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu)  |
[refunds](https://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu)

![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/shared/images/responsive/header_menu_hamburger.png)

[
![steam](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/shared/images/responsive/header_logo.png)
](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
responsive-menu)

[
![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/shared/images/header/logo_steam.svg?t=962016)
](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header)

[ store
](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header)

[home](https://store.steampowered.com/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header) [discovery
queue](https://store.steampowered.com/explore/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header) [wishlist](https://steamcommunity.com/my/wishlist/) [points
shop](https://store.steampowered.com/points/shop/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header)
[news](https://store.steampowered.com/news/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header)
[stats](https://store.steampowered.com/stats/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header)

[ community ](https://steamcommunity.com/)

[home](https://steamcommunity.com/)
[discussions](https://steamcommunity.com/discussions/)
[workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/)
[market](https://steamcommunity.com/market/)
[broadcasts](https://steamcommunity.com/?subsection=broadcasts)

[ about
](https://store.steampowered.com/about/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header) [ support ](https://help.steampowered.com/en/)

[ install steam
](https://store.steampowered.com/about/?snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header)

[login](https://store.steampowered.com/login/?redir=privacy_agreement%2f&redir_ssl=1&snr=1_subscriberagreement_privacyagreement__global-
header)  |  language

[简体中文 (simplified chinese)](?l=schinese) [繁體中文 (traditional
chinese)](?l=tchinese) [日本語 (japanese)](?l=japanese) [한국어
(korean)](?l=koreana) [ไทย (thai)](?l=thai) [български
(bulgarian)](?l=bulgarian) [čeština (czech)](?l=czech) [dansk
(danish)](?l=danish) [deutsch (german)](?l=german) [español - españa (spanish
- spain)](?l=spanish) [español - latinoamérica (spanish - latin
america)](?l=latam) [ελληνικά (greek)](?l=greek) [français
(french)](?l=french) [italiano (italian)](?l=italian) [magyar
(hungarian)](?l=hungarian) [nederlands (dutch)](?l=dutch) [norsk
(norwegian)](?l=norwegian) [polski (polish)](?l=polish) [português
(portuguese)](?l=portuguese) [português - brasil (portuguese -
brazil)](?l=brazilian) [română (romanian)](?l=romanian) [русский
(russian)](?l=russian) [suomi (finnish)](?l=finnish) [svenska
(swedish)](?l=swedish) [türkçe (turkish)](?l=turkish) [tiếng việt
(vietnamese)](?l=vietnamese) [українська (ukrainian)](?l=ukrainian) [help us
translate steam](http://translation.steampowered.com)

[home](https://store.steampowered.com/)

privacy policy agreement

[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/english.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/english/)
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/spanish.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/spanish/)
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/french.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/french/)
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/german.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/german/)
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/italian.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/italian/)
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/russian.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/russian/)
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/japanese.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/japanese/)
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/portuguese.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/portuguese/)
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/languageflags/brazilian.gif)](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/brazilian/)

  
![privacy
policy](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images//title_privacy.png)  

valve respects the privacy of its online visitors and customers of its
products and services and complies with applicable laws for the protection of
your privacy, including, without limitation, the california consumer privacy
act ("ccpa"), the european union general data protection regulation ("gdpr"),
and the swiss and eu privacy shield frameworks.  
  
**1\. definitions**  
  
wherever we talk about personal data below, we mean any information that can
either itself identify you as an individual ("personally identifying
information") or that can be connected to you indirectly by linking it to
personally identifying information. valve also processes anonymous data,
aggregated or not, to analyze and produce statistics related to the habits,
usage patterns, and demographics of customers as a group or as individuals.
such anonymous data does not allow the identification of the customers to
which it relates. valve may share anonymous data, aggregated or not, with
third parties.  
  
other capitalized terms in this privacy policy shall have the meanings defined
in the [steam subscriber
agreement](https://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreement/) ("ssa").  
  
**2\. why valve collects and processes data**  
  
valve collects and processes personal data for the following reasons:  
  
a) where it is necessary for the performance of our agreement with you to
provide a full-featured gaming service and deliver associated content and
services;  
b) where it is necessary for compliance with legal obligations that we are
subject to (e.g. our obligations to keep certain information under tax laws);  
c) where it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate and legal
interests of valve or a third party (e.g. the interests of our other
customers), except where such interests are overridden by your prevailing
legitimate interests and rights; or  
d) where you have given consent to it.  
  
these reasons for collecting and processing personal data determine and limit
what personal data we collect and how we use it (section 3. below), how long
we store it (section 4. below), who has access to it (section 5. below) and
what rights and other control mechanisms are available to you as a user
(section 6. below).  
  
**3\. the types and sources of data we collect**  
  
3.1 basic account data  
when setting up an account, valve will collect your email address and country
of residence. you are also required to choose a user name and a password. the
provision of this information is necessary to register a steam user account.
during setup of your account, the account is automatically assigned a number
(the "steam id") that is later used to reference your user account without
directly exposing personally identifying information about you.  
we do not require you to provide or use your real name for the setup of a
steam user account.  
  
3.2 transaction and payment data  
in order to make a transaction on steam (e.g. to purchase subscriptions for
content and services or to fund your steam wallet), you may need to provide
payment data to valve to enable the transaction. if you pay by credit card,
you need to provide typical credit card information (name, address, credit
card number, expiration date and security code) to valve, which valve will
process and transmit to the payment service provider of your choice to enable
the transaction and perform anti-fraud checks. likewise, valve will receive
data from your payment service provider for the same reasons.  
  
3.3 other data you explicitly submit  
we will collect and process personal data whenever you explicitly provide it
to us or send it as part of communication with others on steam, e.g. in steam
community forums, chats, or when you provide feedback or other user generated
content. this data includes:

  * information that you post, comment or follow in any of our content and services;
  * information sent through chat;
  * information you provide when you request information or support from us or purchase content and services from us, including information necessary to process your orders with the relevant payment merchant or, in case of physical goods, shipping providers;
  * information you provide to us when participating in competitions, contests and tournaments or responding to surveys, e.g. your contact details.

3.4 your use of the steam client and websites  
we collect a variety of information through your general interaction with the
websites, content and services offered by steam. personal data we collect may
include, but is not limited to, browser and device information, data collected
through automated electronic interactions and application usage data.  
likewise, we will track your process across our websites and applications to
verify that you are not a bot and to optimize our services.  
  
3.5 your use of games and other subscriptions  
in order to provide you with services, we need to collect, store and use
various information about your activity in our content and services. "content-
related information" includes your steam id, as well as what is usually
referred to as "game statistics". by game statistics we mean information about
your games' preferences, progress in the games, playtime, as well as
information about the device you are using, including what operating system
you are using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data.  
  
3.6 tracking data and cookies  
we use "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, and similar
technologies (e.g. web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to
help us analyze how users use our services, as well as to improve the services
we are offering, to improve marketing, analytics or website functionality. the
use of cookies is standard on the internet. although most web browsers
automatically accept cookies, the decision of whether to accept or not is
yours. you may adjust your browser settings to prevent the reception of
cookies, or to provide notification whenever a cookie is sent to you. you may
refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your
browser. the management of the use of cookies for each browser is further
detailed on the following help page:
<https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=9076-qyoj-0930>. however,
please note that if you do this, you may not be able to access the full
functionality of our websites.  
when you visit any of our services, our servers log your ip address, which is
a number that is automatically assigned to the network your computer is part
of.  
  
3.7 content recommendations  
we may process information collected under this section 3 so that content,
products and services shown on the pages of the steam store and in update
messages displayed when launching the steam client can be tailored to meet
your needs and populated with relevant recommendations and offers. this is
done to improve your customer experience. you can prevent the processing of
your data in this way by turning off the automatic loading of the steam store
page and of steam notifications in the "interface" section of the steam client
settings.  
subject to your separate consent or where explicitly permitted under
applicable laws on email marketing, valve may send you marketing messages
about products and services offered by valve to your email address. in such a
case we may also use your collected information to customize such marketing
messages as well as collect information on whether you opened such messages
and which links in their text you followed.  
_you can opt out or withdraw your consent to receive marketing emails at any
time by either withdrawing the consent on the same page where you previously
provided it or clicking the "unsubscribe" link provided in every marketing
email._  
  
3.8 information required to detect violations  
we collect certain data that is required for our detection, investigation and
prevention of fraud, cheating and other violations of the ssa and applicable
laws ("violations"). this data is used only for the purposes of detection,
investigation, prevention and, where applicable, acting on of such violations
and stored only for the minimum amount of time needed for this purpose. if the
data indicates that a violation has occurred, we will further store the data
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims during the
applicable statute of limitations or until a legal case related to it has been
resolved. please note that the specific data stored for this purpose may not
be disclosed to you if the disclosure will compromise the mechanism through
which we detect, investigate and prevent such violations.  
  
**4\. how long we store data**  
  
we will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfil the
purposes for which the information is collected and processed or -- where the
applicable law provides for longer storage and retention period -- for the
storage and retention period required by law. after that your personal data
will be deleted, blocked or anonymized, as provided by applicable law.  
  
in particular:  

  * if you terminate your steam user account, your personal data will be marked for deletion except to the degree legal requirements or other prevailing legitimate purposes dictate a longer storage. 
  * in certain cases, personal data cannot be completely deleted in order to ensure the consistency of the gameplay experience or the steam community market. for instance, matches you have played that affect other players' matchmaking data and scores will not be deleted; rather, your connection to these matches will be permanently anonymized. 
  * please note that valve is required to retain certain transactional data under statutory commercial and tax law for a period of up to ten (10) years.
  * if you withdraw your consent on which a processing of your personal data or of the personal data of your child is based, we will delete your personal data or respectively the personal data of your child without undue delay to the extent that the collection and processing of the personal data was based on the withdrawn consent.
  * if you exercise a right to object to the processing of your personal data, we will review your objection and delete your personal data that we processed for the purpose to which you objected without undue delay, unless another legal basis for processing and retaining this data exists or unless applicable law requires us to retain the data.

  
**5\. who has access to data**  
  
valve does not sell personal data. however, we may share or provide access to
each of the categories of personal data we collect as necessary for the
following business purposes.  
  
5.1 valve and its subsidiaries may share your personal data with each other
and use it to the degree necessary to achieve the purposes listed in section 2
above. in the event of a reorganization, sale or merger we may transfer
personal data to the relevant third party subject to applicable laws.  
  
5.2 we may also share your personal data with our third party service
providers that provide customer support services in connection with goods,
content and services distributed via steam. your personal data will be used in
accordance with this privacy policy and only as far as this is necessary for
performing customer support services.  
  
5.3 in accordance with internet standards, we may also share certain
information (including your ip address and the identification of steam content
you wish to access) with our third party network providers that provide
content delivery network services and game server services in connection with
steam. our content delivery network providers enable the delivery of digital
content you have requested, e.g. when using steam, by using a system of
distributed servers that deliver the content to you, based on your geographic
location.  
  
5.4 google analytics  
our website uses google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google,
inc. ("google"). google analytics uses cookies to help the website operators
analyze how visitors use the site. the information generated by the cookie
about the visitors' use of the website will generally be transmitted to and
stored by google on servers in the united states.  
on this website, ip anonymization has been activated. the ip addresses of
users visiting steam will be shortened. only in exceptional cases will a
complete ip address be transferred to a google server in the united states and
shortened there. on behalf of the website operator, google will use this
information for the purpose of evaluating the website for its users, in order
to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services relating
to website activity and internet usage for website operators.  
google will not associate the ip address transferred in the context of google
analytics with any other data held by google. you may refuse the use of
cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. however, please
note that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of
this website. you can learn more about how google analytics collects and uses
data at
[www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners](www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners).  
furthermore, you can prevent google's collection and processing of data about
your use of the website, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in
through the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.  
  
5.5 we make certain data related to your steam user account available to other
players and our partners through the steamworks api. this information can be
accessed by anyone by querying your steam id. at a minimum, the public persona
name you have chosen to represent you on steam and your avatar picture are
accessible this way, as well as whether you have received a ban for cheating
in a multiplayer game. the accessibility of any additional info about you can
be controlled through your steam community user profile page; data publicly
available on your profile page can be accessed automatically through the
steamworks api. in addition to the publicly available information, game
developers and publishers have access to certain information from the
steamworks api directly relating to the users of the games they operate. this
information includes as a minimum your ownership of the game in question.
depending on which steamworks services are implemented in the game it may also
include leaderboard information, your progress in the game, achievements you
have completed, your multiplayer game matchmaking information, in-game items
and other information needed to operate the game and provide support for it.
for more information on what steamworks services a specific game has
implemented, please review its store page.  
while we do not knowingly share personally identifying information about you
through the steamworks api such as your real name or your email address, any
information you share about yourself on your public steam profile can be
accessed through the steamworks api, including information that may make you
identifiable.  
  
5.6 the steam community includes message boards, forums and/or chat areas,
where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other. when posting a
message to a board, forum or chat area, please be aware that the information
is being made publicly available online; therefore, you are doing so at your
own risk. if your personal data is posted on one of our community forums
against your will, please use the reporting function and the steam help site
to request its removal.  
  
5.7 valve may allow you to link your steam user account to an account offered
by a third party. if you consent to link the accounts, valve may collect and
combine information you allowed valve to receive from a third party with
information of your steam user account to the degree allowed by your consent
at the time. if the linking of the accounts requires the transmission of
information about your person from valve to a third party, you will be
informed about it before the linking takes place and you will be given the
opportunity to consent to the linking and the transmission of your
information. the third party's use of your information will be subject to the
third party's privacy policy, which we encourage you to review.  
  
5.8 valve may release personal data to comply with court orders or laws and
regulations that require us to disclose such information.  
  
**6\. your rights and control mechanisms**  
  
the data protection laws of the european economic area, california, and other
territories grant their residents certain rights in relation to their personal
data. while other jurisdictions may provide fewer statutory rights, we make
the tools designed to exercise such rights available to our customers
worldwide.  
  
to allow you to exercise your data protection rights in a simple way we are
providing a dedicated section on the steam support page (the "privacy
dashboard"). this gives you access to your personal data, allows you to
rectify and delete it where necessary and to object to its use where you feel
necessary. to access it, log into the steam support page at
<http://help.steampowered.com> and choose the menu items _my account -> data
related to your steam account._ in most cases, you can access, manage, or
delete personal data in the privacy dashboard, but you may also contact valve
with questions or requests via the contact processes described in sections 8
and 10 below.  
  
as a resident of the european economic area you have the following rights in
relation to your personal data:  
  
6.1 right of access.  
you have the right to access your personal data that we hold about you, i.e.
the right to require free of charge (i) information whether your personal data
is retained, (ii) access to and/or (iii) duplicates of the personal data
retained. you can use the right to access to your personal data through the
privacy dashboard. if the request affects the rights and freedoms of others or
is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we reserve the right to charge a
reasonable fee (taking into account the administrative costs of providing the
information or communication or taking the action requested) or refuse to act
on the request.  
  
6.2 right to rectification.  
if we process your personal data, we shall endeavor to ensure by implementing
suitable measures that your personal data is accurate and up-to-date for the
purposes for which it was collected. if your personal data is inaccurate or
incomplete, you can change the information you provided via the privacy
dashboard.  
  
6.3. right to erasure.  
you have the right to obtain deletion of personal data concerning you if the
reason why we could collect it (see section 2. above) does not exist anymore
or if there is another legal ground for its deletion. for individual items of
personal data please edit them through the privacy dashboard or request the
deletion via the steam support page. you can also request the deletion of your
steam user account via the steam support page.  
  
as a result of deleting your steam user account, you will lose access to steam
services, including the steam user account, subscriptions and game-related
information linked to the steam user account and the possibility to access
other services you are using the steam user account for.  
  
we allow you to restore your steam user account during a grace period of 30
(thirty) days from the moment you request deletion of your steam user account.
this functionality allows you not to lose your account by mistake, because of
your loss of your account credentials or due to hacking. during the suspension
period, we will be able to finalize financial and other activities that you
may have initiated before sending the steam user account deletion request.
after the grace period, personal data associated with your account will be
deleted subject to section 4. above.  
  
in some cases, deletion of your steam user account, and therefore personal
data deletion, is complicated. namely, if your account has a business
relationship with valve, such as due to your work for a game developer, you
will only be able to delete your steam user account after you have transferred
this role to another user or have dissolved the business relationship. in some
cases, considering the complexity and number of the requests, the period for
personal data erasure may be extended, but for no longer than two further
months.  
  
6.4 right to object.  
when our processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interests
according to article 6(1)(f) of the gdpr / section 2.c) of this privacy
policy, you have the right to object to this processing. if you object we will
no longer process your personal data unless there are compelling and
prevailing legitimate grounds for the processing as described in article 21 of
the gdpr; in particular if the data is necessary for the establishment,
exercise or defense of legal claims. you also have the right to lodge a
complaint at a supervisory authority.  
  
6.5 right to restriction of processing of your personal data  
you have the right to obtain restriction of processing of your personal data
under the conditions set out in article 18 of the gdpr.  
  
6.6 right to personal data portability  
you have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly
used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to
another controller under the conditions set out in article 20 of the gdpr.
valve makes your personal data available in structured html format through the
privacy dashboard as described above.  
  
6.7 right to post-mortem control of your personal data  
if french data protection legislation is applicable to you, you have the right
to establish guidelines for the preservation, the deletion and the
transmission of personal data after your death in accordance with article 40-1
of the act no 78-17 of 6 january 1978 on information, technology, data files
and civil liberties.  
  
**7\. children**  
  
the minimum age to create a steam user account is 13. valve will not knowingly
collect personal data from children under this age. where certain countries
apply a higher age of consent for the collection of personal data, valve
requires parental consent before a steam user account can be created and
personal data associated with it collected. valve encourages parents to
instruct their children to never give out personal information when online.  
  
**8\. contact info**  
  
you can contact valve's data protection officer at the address below.  
  
while we review any request sent by mail, please be aware that to combat
fraud, harassment and identity theft, the only way to access, rectify or
delete your data is through logging in with your steam user account at
<http://help.steampowered.com> and selecting the menu items _-> my account ->
view account data_.  
  
valve corporation  
att. data protection officer  
p.o. box 1688  
bellevue, wa 98009  
  
european representative for data protection questions:  
  
valve gmbh  
att. legal  
rodingsmarkt 9  
d-20459 hamburg  
germany  
  
**9\. additional information for users from the european economic area, u.k.,
and switzerland**  
  
although the eu-u.s privacy shield and the swiss-us privacy shield have been
ruled invalid as a legal basis for data transfers to the u.s., valve and tr
technical services inc., its wholly-owned u.s. subsidiary (collectively
"valve") continue to comply with the privacy shield principles with respect to
any personal data transferred from the eu, uk, and switzerland to the united
states in reliance on the privacy shield. if there is any conflict between the
terms in this privacy policy and the privacy shield principles, the principles
shall govern. to learn more about the privacy shield program, and to view our
certification, please visit <http://www.privacyshield.gov>.  
  
the federal trade commission has jurisdiction over valve's compliance with the
privacy shield principles. under the principles, valve shall remain liable if
third party agents process the personal information on our behalf in a manner
inconsistent with the principles, unless valve proves it is not responsible
for the event giving rise to the damage. eu, uk and swiss individuals with
inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the principles should
first contact valve here. if we do not address your concern satisfactorily,
please contact our u.s.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of
charge) at <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request>. as explained
in the privacy shield documentation
(<https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=annex-i-introduction>) certain
residual claims not resolved by other means may be subject to binding
arbitration. in such event, an arbitration option will be made available to
you.  
  
**10\. additional information for users from california**  
  
the ccpa grants california residents certain privacy rights regarding the
personal data we collect. we are committed to respecting these rights and
complying with the ccpa. the following explains these rights and valve's
practices with respect to them.  
  
**right to know.** under the ccpa you have the right to request that we
disclose to you what personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell.  
  
**right to request deletion.** you also have the right to request deletion of
personal data that is in our possession, subject to certain exceptions. please
note that your request to delete data may impact your use of the steam service
in some cases, and we may decline to delete information for reasons set forth
in this privacy policy or as permitted by the ccpa.  
  
**other rights.** the ccpa also gives california residents a right to opt-out
from the sale of their personal data. as described in section 5, we do not
sell personal data and have not done so in the past 12 months. you also have a
right to receive notice of our practices at or before collection of your
personal data. finally, you have a right to not be discriminated against for
exercising your rights under the ccpa.  
  
**exercising your rights.** the primary means of accessing, managing or
deleting your personal data is through the privacy dashboard, as described in
section 6 of this policy. customers may also delete their steam account and
associated personal data as described in section 6.3 of this privacy policy.
if you are unable to access or delete data through the privacy dashboard, you
can also contact us with a request to exercise these rights by using the form
found at <https://help.steampowered.com/en/wizard/helpaccountdataquestion>. to
verify your identity, you will need to log in with your steam user account to
use the form. finally, you can contact us with a request at
questions@valvesoftware.com, however, before providing access to, or deleting
any, personal data, based on a request received via email, we will need to
verify your identity utilizing the "proof of ownership" process described at
<https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2268-eafz-9762>.  
  
you may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized
agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the ccpa.
before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to
provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need
you to verify your identity directly with us.  
  
**categories, sources, purposes, and recipients of the data we collect.** over
the preceding 12 months, we have collected the categories of personal data
described in section 3 of this privacy policy. the sources from which we
collect personal data, and the purposes for which we collect and process it,
are described in sections 2 and 3. over the preceding 12 months, we have
disclosed for business purposes each of the categories of personal data with
the categories of third parties as described in section 5.  
  
_revision date: january 8, 2021_  
  
  


  

  
[privacy feedback](https://store.steampowered.com/ssa_feedback/)

about steam

[ what is steam? ](https://store.steampowered.com/about/?snr=1_44_44__22) [
gifting on steam
](https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?p_faqid=549#gifts) [ the
steam community ](https://steamcommunity.com/?snr=1_44_44__22)

about valve

[ about valve ](http://www.valvesoftware.com/about.html) [ business solutions
](http://www.valvesoftware.com/business/) [ steamworks
](http://www.steampowered.com/steamworks/) [ jobs
](http://www.valvesoftware.com/jobs.html)

help

[ support ](https://help.steampowered.com/en/?snr=1_44_44__23) [ forums
](https://store.steampowered.com/forums/?snr=1_44_44__23) [ stats
](https://store.steampowered.com/stats/?snr=1_44_44__23)

news feeds

[ ![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/ico/ico_rss2.gif)
steam news ](https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/news.xml) [
![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/ico/ico_rss2.gif)  game
releases ](https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/newreleases.xml) [
![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/ico/ico_rss2.gif)
daily deals ](https://store.steampowered.com/feeds/daily_deals.xml)

  

![valve
software](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/v6/logo_steam_footer.png)

[![valve
software](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/footerlogo_valve_new.png)](http://www.valvesoftware.com)

(c) 2021 valve corporation. all rights reserved. all trademarks are property
of their respective owners in the us and other countries.

vat included in all prices where applicable.   [privacy
policy](https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/?snr=1_44_44_)   |
[legal](https://store.steampowered.com/legal/?snr=1_44_44_)   |   [steam
subscriber
agreement](https://store.steampowered.com/subscriber_agreement/?snr=1_44_44_)
|   [refunds](https://store.steampowered.com/steam_refunds/?snr=1_44_44_)

view mobile website

  

[about valve](http://www.valvesoftware.com/about.html)   |
[steamworks](http://www.steampowered.com/steamworks/)   |
[jobs](http://www.valvesoftware.com/jobs.html)   |  [steam
distribution](https://partner.steamgames.com/steamdirect)   |  [gift
cards](https://store.steampowered.com/digitalgiftcards/?snr=1_44_44_)   |
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/ico/ico_facebook.gif)
steam](https://steamcommunity.com/linkfilter/?url=http://www.facebook.com/steam)
|
[![](https://store.akamai.steamstatic.com/public/images/ico/ico_twitter.gif)
@steam](http://twitter.com/steam)

