skip to main contentskip to footer

loading, please wait...

[categories](/c/shop-all-
categories/-/n-5xsxf)[women](/c/women/-/n-5xtd3)[men](/c/men/-/n-18y1l)[young
adult](/c/young-
adult/-/n-qh1tf)[kids](/c/kids/-/n-xcoz4)[shoes](/c/shoes/-/n-55b0t)[baby](/c/baby/-/n-5xtly)[home](/c/home/-/n-5xtvd)[patio
& garden](/c/patio-
garden/-/n-5xtq9)[furniture](/c/furniture/-/n-5xtnr)[kitchen &
dining](/c/kitchen-
dining/-/n-hz89j)[toys](/c/toys/-/n-5xtb0)[electronics](/c/electronics/-/n-5xtg6)[video
games](/c/video-games/-/n-5xtg5)[movies, music & books](/c/movies-music-
books/-/n-5xsxe)[sports & outdoors](/c/sports-
outdoors/-/n-5xt85)[beauty](/c/beauty/-/n-55r1x)[personal care](/c/personal-
care/-/n-5xtzq)[health](/c/health/-/n-5xu1n)[household
essentials](/c/household-
essentials/-/n-5xsz1)[pets](/c/pets/-/n-5xt44)[grocery](/c/grocery/-/n-5xt1a)[luggage](/c/luggage/-/n-5xtz1)[school
& office supplies](/c/school-office-supplies/-/n-5xsxr)[party
supplies](/c/party-supplies/-/n-5xt3c)[bullseye's playground](/c/bullseye-s-
playground/-/n-tr36l)[clearance](/c/clearance/-/n-5q0ga)[holiday
shop](/c/holiday-shop/-/n-4ydi5)[target finds](/c/target-
finds/-/n-0htu7)[what’s new](/c/gift-ideas/-/n-96d2i)

[deals]()[clearance](/c/clearance/-/n-5q0ga)[weekly
ad](https://weeklyad.target.com/)[top deals](/c/top-deals/-/n-4xw74)[redcard
exclusives](/redcard/about)[target circle offers](/offers/target-circle)

[registry](/gift-registry/?lnk=nav_menu_registries)

[more options]()[redcard](/redcard/about)[gift cards](/c/gift-
cards/-/n-5xsxu)[find stores](/store-locator/find-stores)[
favorites](/yr/crush?lnk=acct_nav_crush)[pharmacy](/c/pharmacy-
health/-/n-54y52?lnk=continue_at_target)[gift ideas](/c/gift-ideas/-/n-96d2i)

[get it fast]()

[drive up](/c/drive-up/-/n-9d42z)

[order pickup](/c/order-pickup/-/n-ng0a0)

[free 2-day shipping](/c/free-2-day-shipping/-/n-49cz6)

[same day delivery](/c/same-day-delivery/-/n-bswkz)

[](/)menucategoriesdealswhat’s newpickup & delivery

my account[cart 0 items](/co-cart)

  * [registry](/gift-registry/)
  * [weekly ad](https://weeklyad.target.com/)
  * [redcard](/redcard/about)
  * [gift cards](/c/gift-cards/-/n-5xsxu)
  * [find stores](/store-locator/find-stores)
  * [orders](/account/orders)
  * [ favorites](/yr/crush)

more

  * [orders](/account/orders)

account information

#

[target](/)/target privacy policy

[traducción en español](/c/target-com-privacy-policy-spanish/-/n-4sr7n)

    

    

at target, we want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect
information about you. by interacting with target through our stores,
websites, mobile applications, products, and services, you consent to the use
of information that is collected or submitted as described in this privacy
policy. we may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to
review it periodically.

types of information collected

how is your information collected?

  * you provide it to us
  * automated information collection
  * third-party automated collection
  * social media widgets
  * mobile location information
  * cameras
  * information from other sources

how is your information used?

  * product and service fulfillment
  * our purposes
  * cross-context
  * cross-device linking
  * interest based advertising
  * user experience information
  * social media
  * prevention of fraud and other harm
  * legal compliance

how is your information shared?

  * target subsidiaries and affiliates
  * card issuing bank
  * service providers
  * registries and shopping lists
  * other businesses products and services
  * legal requirements
  * elsewhere at your direction
  * sharing non-identifiable or aggregate information with third parties
  * business transfers

what choices do you have?

california residents

  * california consumer privacy act
  * california shine the light

nevada consumers

how do you access and update your personal information?

how is your personal information protected?

how do you contact target?

target privacy policy scope

### types of information collected:

    

  * name
  * mailing address
  * e-mail address
  * phone (or mobile) number
  * date of birth or age
  * driver's license number
  * credit/debit card number
  * purchase/return/exchange information
  * registry or list information
  * your mobile device information (e.g., device model, operating system version, device date and time, unique device identifiers, mobile network information)
  * how you use our sites and mobile applications, search terms, pages you visit on target.com and our mobile applications and application performance 
  * geo-location and in-store location 
  * media information (e.g. advertising engagement in social, digital, and broadcast media) 
  * ip address 
  * special status designations (e.g., teacher, college student, military) 
  * language preferences

if you choose not to provide information, we may not be able to provide you
with requested products, services or information.

### how is your information collected?

you provide it to us

    

we collect information that you enter on our digital properties or give us in
other ways (e.g. when you contact guest relations, order on target.com,
purchase a product in a target store or create a gift registry).

automated information collection

    

we may connect information collected automatically with information we already
have about you in order to identify you as a target guest. if we are able to
identify you as a target guest we may, for example, link your activity on our
website to your activity in a target store or on one of our mobile
applications. this allows us to provide you with a personalized experience
regardless of how you interact with us - online, in store, mobile, etc.

in order to provide the best guest experience possible, we also use automated
information collection technologies for reporting and analysis purposes. we
examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, in our stores,
and on our mobile applications, the performance of our marketing efforts, and
your response to those marketing efforts.

**third-party automated collection**

we and our service providers use anonymous identifiers such as cookies and
other technologies to collect and store certain types of information (e.g.
click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of
advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie
and session id) whenever you interact with us or third-parties that use our
services.

we also allow third-party companies (e.g., google) to place tags on our
digital properties once approved through our tagging process. the tags may
collect information from your interactions on target.com. our privacy policy
does not cover these third party companies. please contact these third party
companies (e.g., google) directly for more information about their privacy
policy and your choices regarding the tags and the information collected by
the tags.

social media widgets

    

our sites and mobile applications include social media features, such as the
facebook, pinterest, and twitter widgets. these features may collect
information about you such as your ip address and which page you are visiting
on our site. they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies to
accomplish this. social media features and widgets may be hosted by a third
party. your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy
policies of the companies that provide them.

mobile location information

    

if you use a mobile device, your device may share location information (when
you enable location services) with our websites, mobile applications, services
or our service providers. for example, precise geo-location can be used to
help you find nearby target stores. or, in-store location through the use of
your phone's blue tooth signal, led light chip technologies or other
technologies will permit target to find nearby products for you, get you real-
time deals, auto-sort your shopping list and more.

to manage how you share your device's location settings, go to the choices
section of this privacy policy.

cameras

    

we use cameras in and around our stores for operational purposes such as
measuring traffic patterns and tracking in-stock levels. cameras may also be
used for fraud detection, theft prevention and security. when enabled, we may
also use your device's camera (e.g. apple's truedepth camera) so you can use
services such as product visualization (e.g., scan room to see item in your
space) or virtual fitting (e.g., scan facial data to try on accessories/beauty
products). information collected from the truedepth camera is used in real
time - we do not store this information on our servers or share it with third
parties.

information from other sources

    

we collect information about you from other sources to enhance our existing
guest information and improve the accuracy of our records. this improves our
ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing.

### how is your information used?

    

information we collect is used for a variety of purposes, including activities
such as: processing transactions, helping our guest relations representatives
resolve issues, identifying fraud and improving our services. in addition,
information we collect improves your experience by delivering more
personalized interactions and advertising in digital (e.g. target.com, mobile
app, other online sites) and social media (e.g., facebook, pinterest), as well
as tv and video platforms.

we also use information we collect for reporting and analysis purposes. we
examine metrics such as how you are shopping on our website, in our stores and
on our mobile applications, the performance of our marketing efforts and your
response to those marketing efforts.

our purposes (including but not limited to marketing)

    

  * deliver coupons, mobile offers newsletters, in-store receipt messages, emails, mobile messages, targeted advertising and social media notifications 
  * provide interactive features of the website or mobile applications, such as product reviews or weekly ad, send marketing communications and other information regarding products, services and promotions 
  * administer promotions, surveys, and focus groups
  * cross-context and cross-device linking 
  * interest based advertising 
  * improve guest experiences 
  * conduct research and analysis 
  * perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this policy

product and service fulfillment

    

  * fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and returns/exchanges
  * respond to requests for information about our products and services in our stores, on our websites or mobile applications, or to otherwise serve you
  * connect with you regarding guest service via our contact center, guest service desk, or on social media or internet chat platforms. chat functionality allows our guest relations specialists to see what a guest is typing before hitting the send button. this allows for quicker response time as our specialists anticipate questions. 
  * provide services such as gift registry or a shopping list
  * manage subscription services, including order management, billing, improving reorder experiences, communicate with you about your subscription, and offer other products and services that may be of interest to you
  * fulfill benefits associated with use of our services, such as delivery of welcome kits, to award and redeem points through our loyalty programs, etc.
  * administer sweepstakes and contests
  * conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law (for example, pseudoephedrine or age-restricted purchases) 
  * allow you to, using our mobile applications: find a store nearest to your location, show you a map of the store (if available), use our drive up (where available) capabilities, add and redeem offers, search for products and check availability, check prices, provide product ratings and reviews, track your orders, scan a upc barcode or qr code, use voice recognition to add to your list, update information, etc.

cross-context

    

we merge data collected from our own websites and mobile apps. examples of the
data collected include: cookie ids, device advertising ids (such as apple and
google's advertising identifiers); transaction and browsing history; your
interaction with our online and mobile advertisements, including
advertisements we serve within our emails and advertisements that we serve on
behalf of third parties through roundel, target's in-house media company;
information about ads we serve, such as which ad was served, your interactions
with the ads, and the urls where the ads are served from marketing partners
such as google.

cross-device linking

    

we may also link your various devices so that content you see on one device
can result in relevant experience on another device. this allows us to deliver
more personalized and consistent advertising to you (for example, if you
purchase a product on our website using your desktop, we are able to avoid
showing you an advertisement on the same product on your mobile phone; if you
add an item to your cart on target.com through your mobile device, but leave
target.com without purchasing the item, we are able to show you that item in
your cart on another device).

interest based advertising

    

target participates in interest-based advertising (iba), also known as online
behavioral advertising. we use third-party advertising companies to display
ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop
online, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as ad
delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research.

we allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit
our websites or use our mobile applications. this information is used to serve
ads for target products or services or for the products or services of other
companies when you visit this website or other websites. these companies use
non-identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type,
time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over,
hardware/software information, cookie and session id) and personally
identifiable information (e.g., static ip address) during your visits to this
and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services
likely to be of greater interest to you. these parties typically use a cookie,
web beacon or other similar tracking technologies to collect this information.
target adheres to the digital advertising alliance (daa) self-regulatory
principles for iba.

user experience information

    

in order to improve guest online and mobile shopping experiences, help with
fraud identification, and assist our guest relations representatives in
resolving issues guests may experience in completing online purchases, we use
tools to monitor certain user experience information; including login
information, ip address, data regarding pages visited and ads clicked,
specific actions taken on pages visited (e.g., information entered during
checkout process), browser and device information.

social media

    

target engages with guests on multiple social media platforms (e.g., facebook,
twitter, and pinterest). if you contact us on one of our social media
platforms, request guest service via social media, or otherwise direct us to
communicate with you via social media, we may contact you via direct message
or use other social media tools to interact with you. in these instances, your
interactions with us are governed by this privacy policy as well as the
privacy policy of the social media platform you use.

social media ads

    

we may display targeted ads to you through social media platforms. these ads
are sent to groups of people who share traits such as likely commercial
interests and demographics. for example, we may target guests who have
expressed an interest in shopping for groceries, cosmetics, clothing, etc. see
the policies of each social media platform for additional information about
these types of ads.

prevention of fraud and other harm

    

prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect
our guests and our business (e.g., product recalls)

legal compliance

    

for example, assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries

### how is your information shared?

target subsidiaries and affiliates

    

we share the information we collect within target corporation, which includes
all target subsidiaries and affiliates. target corporation may use the
information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you.

target corporation owns and operates target stores, websites, mobile
applications, and issues the target debit card. target corporation
subsidiaries and affiliates include, but are not limited to: dermstore llc,
and shipt, inc.

card issuing bank

    

we may share the information we collect with our banking partner, td bank usa
n.a., which issues the target mastercard and target credit card.

service providers

    

we may share the information we collect with companies that provide support
services to us (such as printers, e-mail providers, mobile marketing services,
analytics providers, web hosting providers, call center/chat providers,
sweepstakes vendors, payment processors, coupon delivery vendors, data
enhancement services, fraud prevention providers or shipping services
providers, including product vendors) or that help us market our products and
services. these companies may need information about you in order to perform
their functions. we limit information shared with service providers to what is
necessary to fulfill the services.

registries and shopping lists

    

if you create a gift registry or shopping list, your information will be
accessible on our website, mobile or social applications, on partner
registries, and on kiosks in stores. if you purchase an item from a registry
or shopping list, information such as your billing name and address will be
made available to the owner(s).

other businesses products and services

    

we allow other businesses to make their products or services available to our
guests (e.g. target plus partners). you may purchase products or services from
these other businesses through our website or mobile service. when you
purchase such products or services we will share personal information related
to your purchase with those businesses. information received by those
businesses in connection with a target plus purchase will be subject to the
target plus partner's privacy policy.

legal requirements

    

we may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is
appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply applicable terms and
conditions and other agreements; to facilitate the financing, securitization,
insuring, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or disposal of all or part of our
business or assets; or to protect the rights property or safety of our
company, our guests or others.

elsewhere at your direction

    

at your direction or request, or when you otherwise consent, we may share your
information.

sharing non-identifiable or aggregate information with third parties

    

we may share non-identifiable or aggregate information with third parties for
lawful purposes.

business transfers

    

in connection with the sale or transfer of some or all of our business assets,
we may transfer the corresponding information regarding our guests. we also
may retain a copy of that guest information.

### what choices do you have?

postal mail

    

if you do not wish to receive catalogs, coupons, and other promotional postal
mail, call the privacy information line at
[1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880) to opt-out.

telephone

    

if you do not wish to receive promotional telephone calls, call the privacy
information line at [1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880) to opt-out.

e-mail

    

if you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, call the privacy
information line at [1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880) to opt-out. you
also have the ability to unsubscribe from promotional e-mails via the
unsubscribe link included in each promotional e-mail. you may continue to
receive program-specific marketing emails through a program such as, but not
limited to, a bullseye view, or target photo. you can unsubscribe from
program-specific emails via the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of
those program-specific emails. this opt-out does not apply to operational
emails (e.g., surveys).

text messages

    

we may send text messages you have consented to receive. you can cancel text
messages at any time by texting "stop". after you send "stop", we may send you
an additional text message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. you
will no longer receive text messages from that short code, but you may receive
text messages if you are subscribed to other text lists. if at any time you
have questions about the text messages, text "help". after you send "help" we
will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to
unsubscribe. message and data rates may apply.

push notifications

    

you may opt-out from allowing target to send you push notifications by
adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. you may also choose which
types of push notifications to receive by adjusting the permissions within
your target mobile application. this opt choice does not apply to in app
notifications.

geo-location and in-store location

    

you may prevent your mobile device from sharing your location data by
adjusting the permissions on your mobile device or within the relevant app.

target circle

    

if you no longer wish to be a target circle member, you can opt out of target
circle [here](https://www.target.com/circle/optout).

if you opt out of target circle, any accumulated target circle earnings
rewards and community giving program votes will be deleted and you may not
have access to other target circle benefits. if you later re-join target
circle, any deleted target circle earnings rewards or community giving program
votes will not be reinstated.

uninstall a target mobile application

    

you can stop all further collection of information by a target mobile
application by uninstalling the target mobile application. you may use the
standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device or via the
mobile application marketplace or network.

note: if you uninstall the mobile application from your device, the target
unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. if
you re-install the application on the same device, target will be able to re-
associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.

cookies, tracking, and interest-based advertising

    

the help function of your browser should contain instructions on how to set
your device to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued or to
not receive cookies at any time. if you set your device to not receive cookies
at any time, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and
accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our
features.

to opt-out of the vendors we use for cross-device linking, go to the digital
advertising alliance's choices page at www.aboutads.info/choices and perform a
global opt-out on each browser and device that you would like to be opted out
on. opting out in this manner means that the browser on the device from which
you opt-out will no longer receive information collected on devices linked to
it, that devices linked to it will not receive information collected from the
opted-out device, and that the vendor will not transfer information collected
from the opted-out device to a third party. please note that this will not opt
you out of cross-device linking or advertising across linked devices based
solely on your visits to target websites or apps, or your interaction with
advertisements for target delivered by target.

to opt-out of our interest-based advertising for target's goods and services
or those of another party, online and in third-party mobile applications,
visit digital advertising alliance's choices page at
[here](http://optout.aboutads.info) and perform a global opt-out. options you
select are browser and device specific.

to learn more about interest-based advertising, visit the [network advertising
initiative website](https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-
advertising) and the [digital advertising alliance
website](http://www.aboutads.info/how-interest-based-ads-work). the opt-out
tool described above is cookie-based. therefore, the opt-out will only
function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies, and it may not
function where cookies are automatically disabled or removed. if you delete
cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use
another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.

do not track

    

some browsers have a "do not track" feature that lets you tell websites that
you do not want to have your online activities tracked. at this time, we do
not respond to browser "do not track" signals, but we do provide you the
option to opt-out of interest based advertising (see above for opt-out
information).

other web site analytics services

    

analytics services such as site catalyst by adobe analytics, google analytics
and crazy egg provide services that analyze information regarding visits to
our websites and mobile applications. they use cookies, web beacons, recorded
interactions and other tracking mechanisms to collect this information.

  * to learn about adobe analytics privacy practices or to opt-out of cookies set to facilitate reporting, click [here](http://www.adobe.com/privacy.html).
  * to learn more about google's privacy practices, click [here](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/). to access and use the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, click [here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).
  * to learn more about crazy egg's privacy practices, click [here](https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy). to opt-out of crazy egg, click [here](https://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out)..

### california residents

california consumer privacy act

    

if you are a california resident, the information below also applies to you.
certain terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in the
california consumer privacy act of 2018 ("ccpa").

categories of personal information target has collected from or about its
guests in the preceding 12 months

  * identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number) 
  * characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age) 
  * commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history) 
  * internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history) 
  * geolocation data (e.g. latitude or longitude) 
  * audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g. recording of guest service calls) 
  * inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or characteristics) 

categories of sources from which target has collected personal information
about guests (for more information, see the how is your information collected
section of this privacy policy).

  * consumer directly (e.g. redcard application, target stores, target.com, mobile, guest relations)
  * advertising networks (e.g. google)
  * data analytics providers (e.g. data brokers)
  * government entities (e.g. irs)
  * social networks (e.g. twitter, facebook)
  * target subsidiaries (e.g. dermstore, shipt)

business or commercial purposes for which target has collected or sold
personal information about guests in the preceding 12 months (for more
information, see the how is your information used section of this privacy
policy).

  * performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services; 
  * auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance; 
  * short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction; 
  * detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; 
  * debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; 
  * undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and 
  * undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us. 

categories of personal information target has sold about guests and categories
of third parties to whom personal information was sold in the preceding 12
months

 **categories of personal information sold**

  * internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. "cookies" or other tracking tags) 

**categories of third parties to whom personal information was sold**

  * advertising networks

target does not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under the
age of 16.

categories of personal information target has disclosed for a business purpose
and categories of third parties to whom personal information has disclosed for
a business purpose in the preceding 12 months

 **categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose**

  * identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number) 
  * characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age) 
  * commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history) 
  * internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)

    

 **categories of third parties to whom personal information has been disclosed
for a business purpose**

  * advertising networks (e.g. google)
  * customer service (e.g. faxed image)
  * data analytics providers (e.g. data brokers)
  * legal & risk (e.g. claims)
  * order fulfillment (e.g. target plus sellers, carrier services)
  * technology (e.g. website accessibility)

non-discrimination

target will not discriminate against you because you exercise your rights. for
example, target will not deny you goods or services or charge you a different
price or rate for goods or services if you make an access, deletion, or do not
sell request.

financial incentive program

target circle is a voluntary loyalty program. by joining target circle, you
receive:

  * **1% earnings:** you earn 1%* when you shop to redeem at target later or continue saving 5%** with your redcard. you cannot receive the redcard 5% instant savings and earn the target circle 1% in the same transaction.
  *  **hundreds of deals:** you get access to deals, plus offers just for you. 
  * **birthday gift:** you receive 5% off a shopping trip. restrictions apply. 
  * **community support:** you help direct where target gives in your community. 

*terms and restrictions apply to the 1% reward. visit circle.target.com for details. 

**some restrictions apply. program rules are available in store or at
target.com/redcard/about.

under the ccpa, target circle is considered a financial incentive program. in
order to provide you with the incentives described above, we use personal
information about you including your name, phone number, email address,
purchase history, birthdate, etc. to identify you as a member of the program
and provide you with relevant messaging, experiences and deals. these
financial incentives are reasonably related to the value of the data you
provide.

we incur a variety of expenses related to the target circle program. we make
this investment in order to offer a more personalized and relevant guest
experience. expense associated with the program include the 1% earnings when
you shopped at target, 5% off discount on a shopping trip when you provide
your birthday, and access to deals only available to circle members. the
expense associated with the program incentives will vary as it is dependent on
your engagement with the loyalty program, including total annual spend at
target and frequency and depth of discounts you choose to use.

**categories of personal information implicated by target circle**

  * identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)
  * characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)
  * commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)
  * internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)
  * geolocation data (e.g. latitude or longitude)
  * inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or characteristics)

 **to become a target circle member,** you can choose to opt in and become a
target circle member by asking a team member at a target store, or by visiting
target.com/circle

 **if you no longer wish to be a target circle member,** you can opt out of
target circle [here](https://www.target.com/circle/optout).

if you opt out of target circle, any accumulated target circle earnings
rewards and community giving program votes will be deleted and you may not
have access to other target circle benefits. if you later re-join target
circle, any deleted target circle earnings rewards or community giving program
votes will not be reinstated.

**for information on the target circle terms & conditions, [click
here](https://www.target.com/c/terms-conditions/-/n-4sr7l).**

 **you have the following rights under the ccpa -**

  * right to request target disclose personal information, or categories of personal information, it collects, uses, discloses, and sells
  * right to request target delete personal information we have collected from you
  * right to request target opt you out of the sale of your personal information

 **process used to verify an access and/or deletion request**

if you are a target guest, you will be required to submit 4 pieces of
information including your name, address, email, and phone number. target will
use this information to search our systems and determine if we have
information about you. if we are able to locate information about you, we will
fulfill your access and/or your deletion request. if we are not able to match
all 4 pieces of information you submit, we may provide you with a report that
includes the categories of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and
sell.

  * if you have a target.com account, your access report will be placed in your account once it is ready. you will need to sign into your account to view your report. 
  * if you do not have a target.com account, you will receive two emails when your access report is ready. these emails will be sent to the email address you provided at the time you submitted your request. one email will contain a link to your report and a second email will contain a password needed to access the report. 

if you are an authorized agent, you will be required to submit your name,
address, email, and phone number as well as the name, address, email and phone
number of the guest you are making a request on behalf of. target will use the
guest's information to search our systems and determine if we have information
about the guest. if we are able to locate information about the guest we will
fulfill the access and/or deletion request. as an authorized agent you will
also be required to complete a form certifying you have the right to make this
request on behalf of the guest.

**how to submit a verifiable request (requests can be made no more than twice
in a 12-month period)**

you can submit a request using the methods listed below

  * access requests: contact the privacy information line at [1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880) or click this [link](https://www.target.com/ccpa-intake-form). 
  * deletion requests: contact the privacy information line at [1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880) or click this [link](https://www.target.com/ccpa-intake-form). 
  * do not sell my info requests: click this [link](https://www.target.com/do-not-sell-ca).

california shine the light

    

if you are a california resident and have an established business relationship
with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal
information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties' direct
marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. to request a notice,
please submit your request to target corporation, attn: california shine the
light inquiry, p.o. box 9350 minneapolis, mn 55440. please allow 30 days for a
response.

if you are a california resident under 18 years old and a registered user, you
can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our
website or other online services. note that fulfilment of the request may not
ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information
has been reposted by another user). to request removal of content or
information, please call the privacy information line at
[1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880).

### nevada residents

    

nevada law gives nevada consumers the right to request that a company not sell
their personal information for monetary consideration to certain other
parties. this right applies even if their personal information is not
currently being sold. if you are a nevada consumer and wish to exercise this
right, please submit your request by filling out the form after clicking on
[this link.](https://www.target.com/do-not-sell-nv)

### how do you access and update your personal information?

    

in order to keep your personal information accurate and complete, you can
access or update some of it in the following ways:

  * if you have created a target.com account, you can log in to review and update your account information, including contact, billing, and shipping information.
  * call the privacy information line at [1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880) with your current contact information and the personal information you would like to access. we will provide you the personal information requested if reasonably available, or will describe the types of personal information we typically collect.

### how is your personal information protected?

    

we maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your
personal information. when we collect or transmit sensitive information such
as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect
that information. however, no e-commerce solution, website, mobile
application, database or system is completely secure or "hacker proof." you
are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal
information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.

we recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children
are involved. we do not knowingly collect personal information online from
children under the age of 13. if a child under the age of 13 has provided us
with personal information online, we ask that a parent or guardian call the
privacy information line at [1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880).

### how do you contact target?

mail:

    

target stores

target executive offices

po box 9350

minneapolis, mn 55440

privacy information line:

    

[1-800-831-6880](tel://1-800-831-6880)

### target privacy policy scope

    

this privacy policy applies to all current or former guest personal
information, except for information collected by or provided in connection
with:

  * a target debit card. see the [target debit card privacy policy](/c/redcard-target-debit-card-privacy-policy/-/n-4tgix).
  * a target mastercard or a target credit card. see the [target credit card privacy policy](/c/redcard-td-bank-privacy-policy-for-target-credit/-/n-4tgiy). note, contact information you provide on a target credit card application is provided to both td bank usa n.a. and to target and its affiliates.

-use of target's wireless service. see the target wireless terms of use

[target wireless terms of use](http://www.target.com/c/-/-/n-4sr7o).

  * completing an application for employment with target.

our website may offer links to other sites. if you visit one of these sites,
you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. in addition, you may
have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another
site. in such cases, the site you linked from may collect information from
people who click on the banner or link. you may want to refer to the privacy
policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.

last update: 7/01/2020

    

 **added special status designations and language preferences to types of
information collected**

 **added when you contact guest relations as an example of how information is
collected**

 **updates to the ca resident ccpa disclosures**

  * updated categories of sources from which target has collected personal information about guests
  * updated categories of personal information target has disclosed for a business purpose and categories of third parties to whom personal information has disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months
  * added sentence: target does not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under the age of 16.
  * updated information regarding the financial incentive program
  * updated section: you have the following rights under the ccpa 
  * added section: process used to verify an access and/or deletion request 
  * added section: how to submit a verifiable request (requests can be made no more than twice in a 12-month period)
  * added information on how to submit a verifiable request for ccpa and the process for verification
  * updated references to guest relations phone number to the privacy information line number

  * [cvs pharmacy privacy](http://help.target.com/help/redirectarticletodetail?articleid=ka4i0000000rjwi&clicksearchvar=search+results&searchquery=what%20is%20the%20privacy%20policy%20for%20cvs%20pharmacy%3f&articletitle=what%20is%20the%20privacy%20policy%20for%20cvs%20pharmacy%3f)
  * [minuteclinic privacy](http://help.target.com/help/redirectarticletodetail?articleid=ka4i0000000rjwn&clicksearchvar=search+results&searchquery=what%20is%20the%20privacy%20policy%20for%20cvs%20pharmacy%3f&articletitle=what%20is%20the%20privacy%20policy%20for%20minuteclinic%3f)
  * [terms & conditions](/c/terms-conditions/-/n-4sr7l)
  * [wireless (wi-fi) service](/c/-/-/n-4sr7o)
  * [redcard™ identity protection guide](/c/benefits-identity-safeguards/-/n-4srzk)

* * *

[*see offer details. restrictions apply. pricing, promotions and availability
may vary by location and at
target.com.](http://help.target.com/help/subcategoryarticle?childcat=promotions&parentcat=promotions+%26+coupons&searchquery=search+help)

helpshipping & deliveryreturnstrack orderssize chartscontact
usfeedbackaccessibilitysee all help

help

storesfind a storeclinicopticalpharmacyphoto center

stores

appstarget for iostarget for androidgift registry for iosgift registry for
android

apps

socialpinterestfacebookinstagramtwitteryoutube

social

moreredcardemailscareersadvertise with usbullseye shopnews & blogcorporate
responsibilitysecurity and fraudinvestor
relationspressroomaffiliatessuppliersteam member services

more

* * *

[

#### the latest on our store health and safety plans

](https://corporate.target.com/about/purpose-history/our-commitments/target-
coronavirus-hub)

  * [recalls](http://help.target.com/help/productrecallpage?childcat=product+recalls&parentcat=news+%26+safety&searchquery=search+help)
  * [terms](/c/terms-conditions/-/n-4sr7l)
  * [interest-based ads](/c/interest-based-advertising-privacy-policy/-/n-ztavm)
  * [ca privacy rights](/c/california-residents-privacy-policy/-/n-m2wjt)
  * [ca supply chain act](http://help.target.com/help/subcategoryarticle?childcat=ca+transparency+in+supply+chains+act&parentcat=compliance#)
  * [privacy](/c/target-privacy-policy/-/n-4sr7p)
  * [do not sell my personal information - ca resident only](https://www.target.com/do-not-sell-ca)

  * ™ & © 2021 target brands, inc.

[](/)

