[![toodledo.com](//static.toodledo.com/libs/images/logo-dark.png)](/index.php)

[products](/products.php) [features](/features.php)
[platforms](/platforms.php)

[try it freetry it free](https://www.toodledo.com/signup.php) [sign
in](https://www.toodledo.com/signin.php)

[products](/products.php) [features](/features.php)
[platforms](/platforms.php)

# toodledo, inc. ("toodledo", "we" or "us") terms of use

last updated: october 22, 2018

**the toodledo terms of use(the "terms") set forth below govern your use of
the toodledo webservice located at the url www.toodledo.com and the toodledo
mobile application (collectvely, the "service"). these terms are a legal
contract between you and toodledo and govern your access to, and use of, the
service. if you do not agree with any of these terms, do not access or
otherwise use the service or any information on or related to the service.
your use of the service constitutes your agreement to abide by each of the
terms set forth below. toodledo may make changes to the content offered on the
service, at any time without notice, and toodledo can change these terms at
any time. if toodledo changes any of these terms, toodledo will post the
updated terms on the service. toodledo may also send registered users that
have submitted their email address a notice of the change to these terms. your
continued use of the service after such changes have been posted acknowledges
your agreement to the new terms. therefore, you should check the terms of use
posted on the service periodically for updates and changes.**

**you represent, acknowledge and agree that you are at least 16 years of age
and you agree to these terms. if you are the parent or legal guardian of a
user of the service and you have questions about the service or these terms,
please contact us at admin@toodledo.com.**

## **general use restrictions**

toodledo provides productivity and organizational tools through the service.
certain information, documents, and services provided on and through the
service, including content, logos, graphics, sounds, images delivered to you
through the service (together, the "materials") are provided to you by
toodledo and are the copyrighted and/or trademarked work of toodledo or
toodledo's licensors. materials do not include submissions (as defined below
in the submissions section).

subject to your payment of any applicable fees, toodledo grants you a limited,
personal, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use the service and
materials on devices you own, all solely for your personal use. except for the
license set forth in the preceding license grant above, you acknowledge and
agree that you have no right to modify, edit, copy, reproduce, create
derivative works of, reverse engineer, alter, enhance or in any way exploit
any of the materials or the service in any manner. this limited license
terminates automatically, without notice to you, if you breach any of these
terms. upon termination of this limited license, you must cease using the
service and agree to immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials.
except as stated herein, you acknowledge that you have no right, title or
interest in or to the service or any of the materials.

we may offer updates of the service, from time to time, for feature
enhancement, security or other purposes.

you agree to comply with all export and re-export regulations and restrictions
of the u.s. department of commerce and other united states agencies and
authorities that may apply to the service.

if you violate these terms, toodledo may terminate and/or suspend your access
to the service and/or use of the materials, third party content (as defined
below) without notice. toodledo prefers to advise you of your inappropriate
behavior and to recommend any necessary corrective action. however, certain
violations of these terms, as determined by toodledo, may result in immediate
termination of your access to the service. toodledo has the right to terminate
any password-restricted account for any reason. if any of these terms is found
to be inconsistent with applicable law, then such term shall be interpreted to
reflect the intentions of the parties, and no other terms will be modified.
toodledo’s failure to enforce any of these terms is not a waiver of such term.

## **password restricted areas**

you need a password to use the service. you are responsible for maintaining
the confidentiality of your password and account, and you agree to notify
toodledo if your password is lost, stolen, or disclosed to an unauthorized
third party, or otherwise may have been compromised. you are responsible for
all activities that occur under your account, and toodledo is not responsible
for any unauthorized use of your account in the event that your password is
stolen or revealed to a third party. you agree to immediately notify toodledo
of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security in
relation to the service known to you. toodledo provides you with tools to
change your password and to otherwise edit or safeguard your account on your
account settings page.

you may not sell, transfer, give, or otherwise surrender your account or
account password to another party. you agree that you will not use other
users' contact information gathered from the service for commercial purposes
and agree not to provide any other user's contact information to any third
party.

## **term; termination**

**if you purchase a paid subscription, each subscription period will
automatically renew for additional periods equal to the expiring subscription
period at our then-current rates, unless you or we give the other party
written notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days before the end of the
relevant subscription period.** you may terminate these terms at any time by
ceasing use of the service but you will not receive any refund of prepaid fees
for the current subscription period, if applicable. toodledo additionally may
terminate these terms on thirty (30) days written notice to you if you breach
any of these terms and the breach remains uncured at the end of such thirty
(30) day period. on any termination of these terms you will cease using the
service.

disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, arbitration and class
action waiver, general and other sections that by their nature are intended to
survive termination will survive any termination of these terms.

## **disclaimer of warranties**

your use of the service is at your own risk. neither the materials,
submissions nor the third party content have been verified or authenticated in
whole or in part by toodledo, and they may include inaccuracies,
typographical, or other errors. toodledo does not warrant the accuracy of
timeliness of the materials, submissions or the third party content contained
on the service. toodledo has no liability for any errors or omissions in the
materials, submissions and/or the third party content, whether provided by
toodledo, our users, or our licensors.

**neither toodledo or its licensors or suppliers make any express, implied or
statutory representations, warranties, or guarantees in connection with the
service, any materials, submissions or third party content, relating to the
quality, suitability, truth, accuracy or completeness of any information or
material contained or presented on the service, including without limitation
the materials, the third party content and the submissions of other users of
the service. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the service,
materials, third party content, submissions, and any information or material
contained or presented on the service is provided to you on an "as is," "as
available" and "where-is" basis with no warranties of any kind, including,
without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, or non-infringement of third party rights. neither
toodledo nor its licensors or suppliers provide any warranties against
viruses, spyware or malware that may be installed on your computer. toodledo
does not guarantee the confidentiality of your submissions.**

## **limitation of liability**

to the extent permitted by applicable law, neither toodledo nor its licensors
or suppliers shall be liable to you for any damages resulting from your using,
displaying, copying, or downloading any materials, third party content or
submissions to or from the service. in no event shall toodledo or its
licensors or suppliers be liable to you for any damage to your health or for
any indirect, extraordinary, exemplary, punitive, special, incidental, or
consequential damages (including loss of data, revenue, profits, use or other
economic advantage) however arising, even if toodledo or its licensors know
there is a possibility of such damage.

## **privacy policy**

your use of the service is governed by the toodledo privacy policy, which is
available at https://www.toodledo.com/info/privacy.php.

## **third party content**

certain information and content that are not submissions may be provided by
third party licensors and suppliers to toodledo ("third party content"). the
third party content is, in each case, the copyrighted and/or trademarked work
of the creator/licensor. unless you have permission from the owner of the
third party content or as otherwise set forth in these terms, you agree to
only display the third party content on your personal computer solely for your
personal use. you acknowledge and agree that you have no right to download,
cache, reproduce, modify, display (except as set forth in this paragraph),
edit, alter or enhance any of the third party content in any manner unless you
have permission from the owner of the third party content or as otherwise
expressly authorized in these terms. you hereby indemnify and hold toodledo
and all providers/licensors of third party content harmless from any third
party claims related to your use of the third party content in any manner
other than authorized hereunder.

## **submissions**

you acknowledge that you are responsible for any comments, postings and other
material that you submit, upload or otherwise make available on the service,
including without limitation, your tasks, lists and notes (each a
"submission"). you further acknowledge that you, and not toodledo, bear full
responsibility for each such submission you make, including its legality,
reliability, appropriateness, and trademark and copyright ownership.

unless otherwise explicitly stated herein or in the toodledo privacy policy,
you agree that any submission provided by you in connection with the service
is provided on a non-proprietary and non-confidential basis. except as
expressly set forth below, you grant toodledo a nonexclusive, worldwide,
royalty-free license to (in any media, whether now known or not currently
known or invented) to your submissions to make copies of your submissions.

additionally, toodledo agrees that the use all of your submissions will be in
accordance with toodledo’s privacy policy applicable to personally
identifiable information. you further agree that you will not upload to the
service or include in any submission any material protected by copyright,
trademark, or any other proprietary right without the express permission of
the owner of such copyright, trademark or other proprietary right owned by a
third party, and the burden of determining whether any material is protected
by any such right is on you. you shall be solely liable for any damage
resulting from any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, proprietary rights,
or any other harm resulting from any submission that you make.

you represent and warrant that: (i) you own all submissions uploaded by you on
or through the service, or that you otherwise have the right to grant the
licenses to toodledo set forth in this section, and (ii) your submissions do
not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, trademark rights,
copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. you
agree to pay and indemnify toodledo for all royalties, fees, damages and any
other monies owing any person by reason of any submissions uploaded by you to
or through the service.

## **etiquette**

toodledo asks that you respect the toodledo online community as well as other
individuals participating within the toodledo online community. your conduct
should be guided by common sense and basic etiquette. to further these common
goals, when uploading submissions to or otherwise using the service, you agree
not to, without limitation:

  * upload any sensitive data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data or criminal convictions and offences. 

  * upload anything that exploits children or minors or participate in a group that exploits children or minors. 

  * upload any content that is mature, adult in nature or inappropriate for a general audience. 

  * use explicit/obscene language or solicit/upload sexually explicit images (actual or simulated) or to participate in racially, ethnically, or otherwise offensive language. 

  * defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others. 

  * upload any copyrighted or trademarked materials without the express permission from the owner. 

  * impersonate or represent toodledo, our staff or other industry professionals. 

  * solicit a user's password or other account information. 

  * harvest user names, addresses, homepage url's or email addresses for any purpose other than your personal use in your interactions on the service. 

  * upload information that makes available or includes another individual's personally identifiable information (for example, their real name, e-mail address, address, employer or school). 

  * disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, 'junk mail', 'spam', 'chain letters', 'pyramid schemes', or any other form of such solicitation. 

  * discuss or incite illegal activity. 

  * upload anything that depicts cruelty to animals. 

  * alter or interfere with toodledo’s service or operations by employment of third party scripts, code, bots, etc. 

  * remove, hide, or obscure access to toodledo tools used to report a user or their behavior. 

this list of prohibitions provides examples and is not complete or exclusive.
toodledo reserves the right to (a) terminate your access to your account, your
ability to upload to the service and (b) refuse, delete or remove any
submissions for any action that toodledo determines is inappropriate or
disruptive to the service or to any other user of the service with or without
cause and with or without notice, for any reason or no reason. toodledo may
report to law enforcement or other appropriate government authorities any
actions that may be suspicious or illegal, and any reports it receives of such
conduct. when legally required or at toodledo’s discretion, toodledo will
cooperate with law enforcement or appropriate government agencies in any
investigation. you hereby acknowledge and agree that in using the service, you
may be exposed to content that may be offensive or objectionable to you. you
hereby acknowledge and agree that all submissions submitted by you or any
other user express the views of the author, and toodledo will not be held
responsible for or liable for the content in such submissions. your access to
and use of the service is undertaken at your own risk and toodledo is not
responsible for any offensive, harmful or otherwise objectionable materials
that may be included on the service by any third party

these prohibitions do not require toodledo to monitor, police, or remove any
submissions or other information submitted by you or any other user, and
toodledo disclaims any obligation or responsibility to do so.

you understand that your interactions and dealings with other users of the
service are solely between you and such other user. toodledo is not
responsible for any loss, harm or damage of any sort incurred as a result of
any such interactions or dealings, and toodledo has no obligation to become
involved in any resulting dispute.

## **unauthorized activities**

submissions and unauthorized use of any materials or third party content
contained on the service may violate applicable laws and regulations. you
agree to indemnify and hold toodledo and its officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, agents, licensors, and business partners harmless from and against
any and all costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys'
fees and costs of defense) toodledo or any other indemnified party suffers in
relation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demand
from a third party that your use of the service or the use of the service by
any person using your user name and/or password (including without limitation,
your submissions) violates any applicable law or regulation, or the
copyrights, trademark rights or other rights of any third party.

## **payment and electronic communications**

when you purchase a subscription, you are expressly agreeing that toodledo is
permitted to bill you the applicable fees, any applicable tax and any other
charges you may incur with toodledo in connection with such subscription and
that the fees will be billed to the credit card or account you provide in
accordance with the billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due
and payable. if payment is not received or cannot be charged to your credit
card account for any reason in advance, toodledo reserves the right to either
suspend or terminate your access to the service and terminate these terms. all
fees are non-refundable.

by using the service, you consent to receiving electronic communications from
toodledo. these electronic communications may include notices about applicable
fees and charges, transactional information and other information concerning
or related to our service. these electronic communications are part of your
relationship with toodledo and you receive them as part of your purchase of a
subscription. you agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other
communications that we send you electronically will satisfy any legal
communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.

## **proprietary rights**

toodledo is a trademark of toodledo in the united states. other trademarks,
names and logos on the service are the property of their respective owners.

unless otherwise specified in these terms, all information and screens
appearing on the service, including documents, services, service design, text,
graphics, logos, images and icons, as well as the arrangement thereof, are the
sole property of toodledo, inc. copyright 2018 toodledo all rights not
expressly granted herein are reserved. except as otherwise required or limited
by applicable law, any reproduction, distribution, modification,
retransmission, or publication of any copyrighted material is strictly
prohibited without the express written consent of the copyright owner or
licensor. toodledo will be responsible for any investigation, defense,
settlement and discharge of any intellectual property infringement claim based
on the service.

## **copyright and trademark infringements**

**only the intellectual property rights owner or the owner's authorized agent
is permitted to report potentially infringing materials through toodledo’s
reporting system set forth below. if you are not the intellectual property
rights owner or the owner's authorized agent, you should contact the
intellectual property rights owner and they can choose whether to use the
procedures set forth in these terms.**

notification: toodledo respects the intellectual property rights of others,
and we require you to do the same when interfacing with the service.

submissions and unauthorized use of any materials or third party content
contained on the service may violate applicable laws and regulations. you
agree to indemnify and hold toodledo and its officers, directors, employees,
affiliates, agents, licensors, and business partners harmless from and against
any and all costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys'
fees and costs of defense) toodledo or any other indemnified party suffers in
relation to, arising from, or for the purpose of avoiding, any claim or demand
from a third party that your use of the service or the use of the service by
any person using your user name and/or password (including without limitation,
your submissions) violates any applicable law or regulation, or the
copyrights, trademark rights or other rights of any third party.

toodledo may, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, terminate
service and/or access to the service for users who infringe the intellectual
property rights of others. if you believe that your work is the subject of
copyright infringement and/or trademark infringement and appears on our
service, please provide toodledo’s designated agent the following information:

  * a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 

  * identification of the copyrighted and/or trademarked work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple works at a single online service are covered by a single notification, a full list of such works at that service. 

  * identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled at the service, and information reasonably sufficient to permit toodledo to locate the material. 

  * information sufficient to permit toodledo to contact you as the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which you may be contacted. 

  * a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright and/or trademark owner, its agent, or the law. 

  * a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. 

  * toodledo’s agent for notice of claims of copyright or trademark infringement on the service can be reached as follows: 

**by mail:**  
toodledo  
attn: dmca administrator  
10 crow canyon court, suite 210  
san ramon, ca 94583

**by e-mail:** dmca@toodledo.com

please also note that for copyright infringements under section 512(f) of the
copyright act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material
or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.

## **ios terms**

if you are using the service through an application on an ios device, you may
only use the service on any ios devices that you own or control as permitted
in the apple, inc. (“apple”) app store terms of service usage rules. you
acknowledge that apple has no obligation to furnish any maintenance or support
services with respect to the service. toodledo, and not apple, will be
responsible for any investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any
intellectual property infringement claim based on the service. you acknowledge
and agree that apple and apple's subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries
of these terms, and that apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have
accepted the right) to enforce these terms against you as a third party
beneficiary thereof.

## **android terms**

if you are using the service through an application on an android device, you
may only use the service on any android devices that you own or control as
permitted in the google play terms of use. you acknowledge that google has no
obligation to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the
service.

## **general**

toodledo controls and operates the service from its headquarters in the united
states of america and the materials, submissions and/or third party content
may not be appropriate or available for use in other locations. if you use the
service outside the united states of america, you are responsible for
following applicable local laws.

these terms are the entire agreement between you and toodledo and supersede
all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements between
you and toodledo about the service. the proprietary rights, disclaimer of
warranties, representations made by you, indemnities, limitations of liability
and general provisions shall survive any termination of these terms.

these terms will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the state
of california united states of america, for contracts to be executed and fully
performed therein and notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. the
parties specifically disclaim application of the convention on contracts for
the international sale of goods. you specifically consent to personal
jurisdiction in the state of california in connection with any new york
dispute between you and toodledo arising out of these terms or pertaining to
the subject matter hereof.

you agree that the exclusive venue for any dispute arising out of these terms
or pertaining to the subject matter thereof will be in the state and federal
courts in. you irrevocably waive all rights to bring or participate in any
class action suits or claims regarding the matters related hereto. if any part
of these terms is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed
severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions. these terms constitute the entire agreement among the parties
relating to this subject matter. to the extent a purchase order, confirmation
letter, or other communication is inconsistent with these terms, these terms
will govern, unless expressly agreed in writing otherwise by an executive
officer of toodledo (i.e., regular employees cannot bind toodledo).

if you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the service,
please contact us at:

toodledo, inc.  
10 crow canyon court, suite 210  
san ramon, ca 94583

or

admin@toodledo.com

## **arbitration and class action waiver**

please read this section carefully. it affects your legal rights, including
your right to file a lawsuit in court.

you and toodledo agree that these terms affect interstate commerce and that
the federal arbitration act governs the interpretation and enforcement of
these arbitration provisions.

this section is intended to be interpreted broadly and governs any and all
disputes between us, including but not limited to claims arising out of or
relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in
contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory;
claims that arose before this agreement or any prior agreement (including, but
not limited to, claims related to advertising); and claims that may arise
after the termination of this agreement. the only disputes excluded from this
broad prohibition are the litigation of certain intellectual property and
small court claims, as provided below.

by agreeing to these terms, you agree to resolve any and all disputes with
toodledo as follows:

initial dispute resolution: most disputes can be resolved without resort to
litigation. you can reach toodledo's support department at info@toodledo.com.
except for intellectual property and small claims court claims, the parties
agree to use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or
disagreement directly through consultation with the toodledo support
department, and good faith negotiations shall be a condition to either party
initiating a lawsuit or arbitration.

binding arbitration: if the parties do not reach an agreed-upon solution
within a period of thirty (30) days from the time informal dispute resolution
is initiated under the initial dispute resolution provision above, then either
party may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to resolve claims,
subject to the terms set forth below. specifically, all claims arising out of
or relating to these terms of use (including the terms of use' or privacy
policy's formation, performance, and breach), the parties' relationship with
each other, and/or your use of the services shall be finally settled by
binding arbitration administered by jams in accordance with the jams
streamlined arbitration procedure rules for claims that do not exceed $250,000
and the jams comprehensive arbitration rules and procedures for claims
exceeding $250,000 in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated,
excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions. the
arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have
exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the
interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of these terms of
use or the privacy policy, including but not limited to any claim that all or
any part of these terms of use or privacy policy is void or voidable, whether
a claim is subject to arbitration, or the question of waiver by litigation
conduct. the arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be
available in a court under law or in equity. the arbitrator's award shall be
written and shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment
in any court of competent jurisdiction. to start an arbitration, you must do
the following: (a) write a demand for arbitration that includes a description
of the claim and the amount of damages you seek to recover (you may find a
copy of a demand for arbitration at www.jamsadr.com ); (b) send three copies
of the demand for arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee, to jams; and
(c) send one copy of the demand for arbitration to toodledo at
admin@toodledo.com.

to the extent the filing fee for the arbitration exceeds the cost of filing a
lawsuit, toodledo will pay the additional cost. if the arbitrator finds the
arbitration to be non-frivolous, toodledo will pay the fees invoiced by jams,
including filing fees and arbitrator and hearing expenses. you are responsible
for your own attorneys' fees unless the arbitration rules and/or applicable
law provide otherwise.

the parties understand that, absent this mandatory arbitration provision, they
would have the right to sue in court and have a jury trial. they further
understand that, in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the
costs of litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in
arbitration than in court.

if you are a resident of the united states, arbitration may take place in the
county where you reside at the time of filing. for individuals residing
outside the united states, arbitration shall be initiated in the state of
california, united states of america, and you and toodledo agree to submit to
the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court in contra costa
county, california in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings pending
arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award
entered by the arbitrator.

class action waiver: the parties further agree that the arbitration shall be
conducted in their individual capacities only and not as a class action or
other representative action, and the parties expressly waive their right to
file a class action or seek relief on a class basis. you and toodledo agree
that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual
capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class user in any purported class or
representative proceeding. if any court or arbitrator determines that the
class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for
any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the
arbitration provisions set forth above shall be deemed null and void in their
entirety and the parties shall be deemed to have not agreed to arbitrate
disputes.

exception: litigation of intellectual property and small claims court claims:
notwithstanding the parties' decision to resolve all disputes through
arbitration, either party may bring enforcement actions, validity
determinations or claims arising from or relating to theft, piracy or
unauthorized use of intellectual property in state or federal court or in the
u.s. patent and trademark office to protect its intellectual property rights
("intellectual property rights" means patents, copyrights, moral rights,
trademarks, and trade secrets, but not privacy or publicity rights). either
party may also seek relief in a small claims court for disputes or claims
within the scope of that court's jurisdiction.

30-day right to opt out: you have the right to opt out and not be bound by the
arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth above by sending
(from the email address you use on toodledo) written notice of your decision
to opt out to toodledo (admin@toodledo.com) with the subject line,
"arbitration and class action waiver opt-out." the notice must be sent within
thirty (30) days of your first use of the services; otherwise, you shall be
bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of those paragraphs.
if you opt out of these arbitration provisions, toodledo also will not be
bound by them.

changes to this section: toodledo will provide thirty (30) days' notice of any
changes to this section by posting on the toodledo terms of use webservice,
sending you a message, or otherwise notifying you when you are logged into
your account. amendments will become effective thirty (30) days after they are
posted on the toodledo terms of use webservice or sent to you.

changes to this section will otherwise apply prospectively only to claims
arising after the thirtieth (30th) day. if a court or arbitrator decides that
this subsection on "changes to this section" is not enforceable or valid, then
this subsection shall be severed from the section entitled “arbitration and
class action waiver,” and the court or arbitrator shall apply the first
arbitration and class action waiver section in existence after you began using
the services.

survival: this arbitration and class action waiver section shall survive any
termination of your account or the services.

[privacy](/info/privacy.php) * [terms](/info/terms.php) *
[cookies](/info/cookies.php) * copyright toodledo (c) 2004-2019

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=252944821959521&ev=pageview&noscript=1)

