__[![reviews of hotels, flights and vacation
rentals](images/tripadvisor_logo_circle-green_horizontal-
lockup_registered_rgb.svg)](https://www.tripadvisor.com/)

[go back to tripadvisor](https://www.tripadvisor.com/)

media center

  * [about tripadvisor](us-about-us)
  * [investor relations](http://ir.tripadvisor.com/)
  * [resources](index.php?s=20292)
  * [contact us](index.php?s=20289)

newsroom

[press releases](us-press-releases)

[logo & guidelines](logo-guidelines)

[equity, diversity + inclusion](https://www.purpose.tripadvisor.com/diversity)

[social impact](https://www.purpose.tripadvisor.com/social-impact)

[our blog](https://www.tripadvisor.com/blog/)

[case studies](https://www.tripadvisor.com/blog/case-studies/)

# privacy and cookie statement

effective: 4 february 2021

we know that sharing your personal information with us is based on trust. we
take this seriously and are committed to ensuring that we respect your privacy
when you visit our website or use our services. please review this statement
carefully to learn about our privacy practices.

we operate an online service that provides users with recommendations for
travel and travel planning, including hotels, holiday rentals and other
accommodations, attractions and experiences, restaurants, flights, cruises,
travel guides and lots more. in this statement, these are collectively
referred to as our services.

our services are owned and operated by tripadvisor llc. by visiting our
websites and related applications, whether on a computer, phone, tablet, or
similar device (these are all referred to as a "device"), you are accepting
the practices described below.

as a global company, we operate in a number of countries and territories where
the laws and customs differ. this statement provides a general overview of our
privacy practices; you can view certain country-specific information by
selecting your place of residence in the jurisdiction links at the bottom of
this statement

#

information collected

when you access or use our services, we collect information from and about you
to provide a more personalized and relevant experience. some information we
collect automatically. other information we collect from different sources,
including affiliated entities, business partners, and other independent third-
party sources. when you use our services by "clicking-through" from a third-
party site or when you visit third-party sites via our services, those third-
party sites may share information with us about your use of their service.
information collected may include the following:

  * contact information, including name, phone number and postal and email addresses

  * billing or payment information (such as your credit card number, cardholder name, expiration date, authentication code, and billing address)

  * user name and password

  * photos, reviews, forum and social posts, and videos you may have provided to us

  * geolocation information

  * device information, such as when you accessed our services and information about the device used (for example, ip address, software or internet browser used, preferred languages, unique device identifiers and advertising identifiers)

  * online activity, including pages you have visited, content reviewed, and apps reviewed

  * purchasing history

  * information about your travel plans and preferences

we may also collect, in instances where you have provided it, information
about other travellers, including their email address and other travel-related
information. if you are sharing information with us about other individuals,
you must obtain their consent. you must obtain the consent of any other
individuals if you are providing their data to us.

in addition to the categories noted above, we may also collect location
information if you have instructed your device to send such information via
the privacy settings on that device, or, for example, if you have uploaded
photos tagged with location information. we may use your location information
directly and/or share your location with third-parties. we collect and share
location information in order to provide you with relevant content, to analyze
your use of our services, to improve our services and to provide contextual
advertising or recommendations. for example, we may use your location to show
you reviews of hotels, restaurants or attractions near you when you are
traveling.

you can change the privacy settings of your device at any time in order to
turn off the functionality that collects and shares location information
and/or the functionality to tag your photos with location information.
however, turning off location-sharing may affect certain features we offer. if
you have any questions about the privacy settings of your device, we suggest
you contact the manufacturer of your device or your mobile service provider
for help.

please see the section on cookies below for more information regarding the use
of cookies and other technology described in this section, including regarding
your choices relating to such technologies.

information uses

we are committed to providing you with relevant content on our services and
respect the data privacy laws of the different jurisdictions which we operate
in. we use information about you so we can help you enjoy and use our
services, including in the following ways:

  * register and manage your account, including to allow you access to and use of our services

  * facilitate your bookings

  * measure interest in and improve our services

  * notify you about special offers and products or services available from us, our affiliates, or our partners that may be of interest to you

  * communicate with you

  * enable communication between registered users and owners/representatives of listings on our services

  * enable us to publish your reviews, forum posts, photos, videos and other content

  * customize your experience, including customizing the ads shown to you on our services and across the internet

  * make inferences about your interests or preferences

  * provide you with an optimized experience and to group users of our services based on, for example, usage and demographics

  * send you survey or market research invitations

  * respond to your questions and comments

  * resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems

  * prevent potentially prohibited or unlawful activities

  * enforce our terms of use and notices; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection

please note some information about you is required in order for us to provide
you with relevant offerings from us, our affiliates, and our partners and to
enable you to enjoy other benefits of being a registered user. please review
the "information choices" section below with respect to your choices related
to the collection and use of your information.

information sharing

in order to provide some of our services, we may need to share information
with certain other third-parties, including our group of companies, in the
following circumstances:

  * _our group of companies_. we share information with companies in our corporate family so we can provide you with information about products and services, both travel-related and others, which might interest you. [these companies and websites](https://tripadvisor.mediaroom.com/us-about-us) will comply with this statement and all applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications.

  * _suppliers_. we share information with certain suppliers used to facilitate our services, including to help with transactions, such as any reservations you might make, for example, sharing data with a restaurant if you make a reservation using our services.  

  * _business partners_. we may share information about you, your devices and your use of our services with our trusted business partners. for example, we may share information so that we can provide you with relevant content or in order to facilitate payment for products or services you may purchase on the websites of our partners. this sharing is generally pursuant to written agreements which include confidentiality, privacy and security obligations; however, note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners.

  * _social media sites_. when you use our services and elect to share information with third-party social media sites, the information you share will be governed by the privacy policies of those social media sites and the privacy settings you have set with those social media websites.

  * _advertising networks_. we sometimes collect and share information about your interests with advertising networks. some of these companies are members of the [network advertising initiative](https://www.networkadvertising.org/), or the [digital advertising alliance](http://optout.aboutads.info/), which offer a single location to opt-out of ad targeting from member companies. to learn more, please click [here](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1).

  * _other third-parties, such as referring websites._ third-parties may also assist us in collecting information by, for example, operating features of our website or facilitating the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests. we may share audience segments and other information with third-parties that use that information for tailored advertising to you.

third-parties may only collect or access information as needed to perform
their permitted functions.

certain device operating system versions permit you to opt out of certain
types of information sharing, including to certain advertising networks.
please check your device settings if you want to limit such tracking.

information choices

you have options with respect to the collection and use of your information.
you can access, update and even close your account by visiting the [member
profile](https://www.tripadvisor.com/memberprofile) page on our website

your options:

●    you may choose the way we communicate with you. you can choose not to
provide us with certain information, although it may be needed to take
advantage of certain features offered on our websites.

●    you can prevent the collection of geolocation information, but note that
turning off location sharing may affect certain features of our services.

●    you also can add or update information and close your account. if you
close your account, we will deactivate your account and remove your profile
information from active view. we may retain some information associated with
your account (including past transactions) for internal purposes including
backups, fraud prevention, dispute resolution, investigations, and legal
compliance for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this
statement.

●    as a registered member, you can modify your marketing subscriptions,
including email subscription choices at any time within your member settings.
you also will be given the opportunity to _unsubscribe_ from promotional
messages, including emails with travel-related opportunities, in any such
email we send.

information transfers

we are a global company and operate in many different jurisdictions. if we
transfer your information to other countries, we will use and protect that
information as described in this statement and in accordance with applicable
law.

information security

we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical
security procedures to help protect your information.

we only authorize specific employees to access personal information and they
may do so only for permitted business functions. we use encryption when
transmitting your information between your system and ours, and between our
system and those of the parties with whom we share information. we also employ
firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized access
to your information. however, we cannot guarantee the security of information
from unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, or other
circumstances outside of our control.

information retention

we will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your
account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this
statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. in
addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period
necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights.

do not track signals

our website is not designed to currently respond to "do not track" ("dnt")
signal requests from browsers. this is due to the lack of global standardized
interpretation that defines "do not track" signals. once the industry has
settled on standards related to this issue, we may re-evaluate this approach.

cookies

we want your access to our services to be as easy, efficient and useful as
possible. to help us do this, we use cookies and similar technologies to
improve your experience, to enhance site security and to show you relevant
advertising.

what are cookies?

cookies are small text files that are automatically placed on your device when
you visit almost any website. they are stored by your internet browser and
contain basic information about your internet use. your browser sends these
cookies back to a website every time you revisit it, so it can recognize your
device and improve your experience by, among other things, providing you with
personalized content. we also use cookies to remember your login details, so
you don't have to re-enter them repeatedly when you use our services. other
cookies help us understand your preferences.

the cookies we use fall into three categories.

**category**

|

**example**  
  
  
---|---  
  
essential

|

these cookies are necessary to help you access and move around the website and
use all its features. without these cookies, the website would not work
properly and you would not be able to use certain important features. for
example, we use a cookie to keep you logged in during your visit, so the site
does not require you to log in repeatedly to access different pages. we may
also use essential cookies for fraud detection and prevention purposes.

you cannot turn off essential cookies through the cookie consent tool, as such
cookies are necessary for you to access and use the features of the website.  
  
  
analytics and customisation

|

we use these cookies to help us understand how the website is being used and
how we can improve your experience on it. these cookies can provide us with
information to help us understand which parts of the website interest our
visitors and if they experience any errors. we use these cookies to test
different designs and features for our sites and we also use them to help us
monitor how visitors reach the website.

we also use cookies to save your settings and preferences on the website, such
as language preference and information you've previously entered when
searching for travel options. some customization cookies are essential if you
want to use certain features of the website.  
  
  
advertising

|

advertising cookies help ensure that the advertisements you see are as
relevant to you as possible. for example, some advertising cookies help select
ads that are based on your interests. others help prevent the same ad from
continuously reappearing for you.

we also use cookies to make it easy to share content from the website with
your friends through your favorite social networks. social media sites, may
set cookies that recognize you when you view content on the website and allow
you to share content across both the website and the social media site via the
use of sharing settings. for further details, please check your social media
site's terms of use and privacy policy.

we also work with third-party advertisers to give you access to travel content
that might be of interest, and may set cookies on our services to provide you
with advertising that matches your interests and preferences. these "third-
party cookies" collect information about your browsing behaviour and
interaction with ads or the services more generally. this information also
helps us limit the number of times you may see the same ads and improve your
online experience.  
  
cookie consent tool

to give you control, we provide you with a cookie consent tool, which allows
you to review the first party and third-party cookies placed through our
website and adjust your cookie settings, including whether to accept or
decline such cookies.

you can access the cookie consent tool by clicking the "cookie consent" link
at the bottom of every page or by modifying your preferences in our cookie
banner. in addition, you can manage cookies through the settings of your
internet browser. you can have the browser notify you when you receive a new
cookie, delete individual cookies or delete all cookies.

most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of advertising cookies.
see [www.aboutads.info/choices/](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) and
[www.youronlinechoices.com](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/) for useful
information on how to do this.

if you delete your cookies, your access to some functionality and areas of our
services might be degraded or restricted.

our use of any information we collect through cookies is subject to this
statement, which is linked on every page of our website.

statement changes and notification

we may update this statement in the future. if we believe any changes are
material, we will let you know by doing one or more of the following: sending
you a communication about the changes, placing a notice on the website and/or
posting an updated statement on the website. we will note at the top of this
statement when it was most recently updated. we encourage you to check back
from time to time to review the most current version and to periodically
review this statement for the latest information on our privacy practices

contact

if you have a data privacy request, such as a request to delete or access your
data, please visit our dedicated privacy portal by [clicking
here](https://privacyportal-
cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/da774af3-e615-4e8c-8a28-3d13e98367c5/d294c536-2b05-4be5-b3dc-22f11e5c9d19.html).
for general data privacy inquiries or questions concerning our privacy and
cookies statement, please contact our privacy team by [clicking
here](https://privacyportal-
cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/da774af3-e615-4e8c-8a28-3d13e98367c5/31a9cb36-8e8d-465a-977a-3fe628929deb.html)
_._

# europe

general data protection regulation privacy statement (“gdpr statement”)

this gdpr statement applies to persons in the european economic area ("eea"),
including those based in the united kingdom. this gdpr statement supplements
our statement; however, where the statement conflicts with the gdpr statement,
the gdpr statement will prevail as to persons in the eea.

controller of personal information

tripadvisor llc is the data controller of personal information we collect,
however, in accordance with applicable data privacy law, we have appointed
representatives within the european union and united kingdom.

the contact details of our european union representative are:

tripadvisor ireland limited  
bloodstone building,  
bloodstoney road,  
dublin 2  
d02 kf24  
attn: privacy officer

the contact details of our united kingdom representative are:

tripadvisor limited  
7 soho square  
london  
w1d 3qb  
united kingdom  
attn: privacy officer  


tripadvisor ireland limited and tripadvisor limited's roles in this respect
are limited solely to being a contact point for questions on data protection
from european residents and data protection supervisory authorities. for the
avoidance of doubt, neither tripadvisor ireland limited and tripadvisor
limited can field other communications or legal process on behalf of
tripadvisor llc.

your rights under gdpr

you have certain rights regarding your personal data.

your rights with respect to your own personal data include the following:

  * the right to request access to your personal data. this enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.  


  * the right to request to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate. you may also supplement any incomplete personal data we have, taking into account the purposes of the processing.  


  * the right to request deletion of your personal data if: 
    * your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we collected or processed them; or
    * you withdraw your consent if the processing of your personal data is based on consent and no other legal ground exists; or
    * you object to the processing of your personal data and we do not have an overriding legitimate ground for processing; or
    * your personal data is unlawfully processed; or
    * your personal data must be deleted for compliance with a legal obligation.  


  * the right to object to the processing of your personal data. we will comply with your request, unless we have a compelling overriding legitimate interest for processing or we need to continue processing your personal data to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim.  


  * the right to restrict the processing of personal data, if: 
    * the accuracy of your personal data is contested by you, for the period in which we have to verify the accuracy of the personal data; or
    * the processing is unlawful and you oppose the deletion of your personal data and request restriction; or
    * we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of processing, but your personal data is required by you for legal claims; or
    * you have objected to the processing, for the period in which we have to verify overriding legitimate grounds.  


  * the right to data portability. you may request that we send this personal data to a third-party, where feasible. you only have this right if it relates to personal data you have provided to us where the processing is based on consent or necessity for the performance of a contract between you and us, and the processing is conducted by automated means.
  * you also have the right to lodge a complaint before your national data protection authority.

you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise
any of the other rights described in this statement). however, we may charge a
reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.

we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your
identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise
any of your other rights). this is a security measure to ensure that personal
data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. in an
effort to speed up our response, we may also contact you to ask you for
further information in relation to your request. you can exercise several of
your rights through the personal information section of your account. to
exercise your other rights you can file a request by [clicking
here](https://privacyportal-
cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/da774af3-e615-4e8c-8a28-3d13e98367c5/d294c536-2b05-4be5-b3dc-22f11e5c9d19.html)
_._

information uses

we will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.

pursuant to gdpr, we will use your personal data in one or more of the
following circumstances:

  * where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
  * where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third-party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests
  * where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
  * with your consent

international transfers

your personal data may be stored or transferred to countries outside the eea
for the purposes described in this statement. when we store or transfer your
personal data outside the eea, we take the following precautions to ensure
that your personal data is properly protected.

whenever we store or transfer your personal data outside the eea, we will do
so in accordance with applicable law and we will ensure a similar degree of
protection is afforded to it by implementing appropriate safeguards. transfers
of personal data are made:

  * to a country recognised by the european commission as providing an adequate level of protection; or
  * to a country which does not offer adequate protection but whose transfer has been governed by the standard contractual clauses of the european commission or by implementing other appropriate cross-border transfer solutions to provide adequate protection.

by using our services, you understand that your personal data may be
transferred to our facilities and those third-parties with whom we share it as
described in this statement.

# california

california consumer privacy act privacy statement (“ccpa statement”)

this ccpa statement is provided pursuant to the california consumer privacy
act ("ccpa") and applies to california residents and supplements our overall
statement with additional disclosures and rights.

your rights under ccpa

as of january 1 2020, california law permits residents of california to
request certain details about how their personal information is shared with
third-parties or affiliated companies for direct marketing purposes.

california residents may also take advantage of the following rights:

  * you may request, up to two times each year, that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which your personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, any categories of personal information about you that we sold, the categories of third-parties with whom we have shared your personal information, and the business or commercial purpose for selling your personal information, if applicable.
  * you may request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from or about you. as described in more detail in our statement, there are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your deletion request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, or to comply with a legal obligation. you can also access, update, and remove your information by visiting the [member profile](https://www.tripadvisor.com/memberprofile)  page on our website.
  * you may request to opt out of our sale of your personal information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. this means that, if you opt out, going forward, we will not share your information with such third-parties to use for their purposes unless you later direct us to do so. to effect the opt out, please click on the do not sell my personal information link on our website footer or submit a request in writing to the contact information below.

to take advantage of your disclosure and deletion rights, please contact us
via our dedicated privacy portal by [clicking here](https://privacyportal-
cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/da774af3-e615-4e8c-8a28-3d13e98367c5/d294c536-2b05-4be5-b3dc-22f11e5c9d19.html)
_._ we may need to verify your identity to enable us to process your request.
we value your privacy and will not discriminate in response to your exercise
of privacy rights. we will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt
of your request, after proper verification, unless we need additional time, in
which case we will let you know.

disclosures

for purposes of compliance with the ccpa, in addition to the further details
as described in the statement, we make the following disclosures:

  * we collect the following categories of personal information:  _identifiers/contact information, transactional information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation, visual and audio information, and inferences drawn from the above._
  * we sell the following categories of personal information:  _identifiers/contact information, internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above._
  * we disclose the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:  _identifiers/contact information, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation, visual and audio information, and inferences drawn from the above._  

# korea

korean privacy laws statement (“korea statement”)

this korea statement applies to persons in the republic of korea ("korea").
this korea statement supplements our statement; however, where the statement
conflicts with the korea statement, the korea statement will prevail as to
persons in korea.

purpose and retention of information collected

we, tripadvisor llc, process the personal data we have collected for the
purposes set forth below. we will retain your personal data in accordance with
the statement and as described in further detail below.

**type of personal data**

|

**purpose and use**

|

**retention period**  
  
---|---|---  
  
contact information, including email address, name, username (mandatory)

|

  * to manage user registration, the account, and facilitate access to and use of the website/app.
  * to publish user generated content such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc.
  * to facilitate and manage reservations, including sending booking confirmations and updates.
  * to communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems.
  * to measure interest in and improve our products, services and site; and to customise user experiences.
  * to notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns.
  * to administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.

|

we will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your
account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this
statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. in
addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period
necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights.  
  
contact information, including postal address, telephone number (optional)  
  
user submitted content (to the extent that it contains personally identifiable
attributes) (mandatory)

|

  * to publish user generated content, such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc.

  
  
ip and/or browser/device data (mandatory)

|

  * to manage user registration, the account, and facilitate access to and use of the website/app.
  * to publish user generated content such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc.
  * to facilitate and manage reservations, including sending booking confirmations and updates.
  * to communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems.
  * to measure interest in and improve our products, services and site; and to customise user experiences.
  * to notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns.
  * to administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities

  
  
email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status (mandatory)

|

  * to communicate with users in general, particularly regarding, the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems.

  
  
session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted
with our website(s), pages visited, searches, and/or reservations facilitated
or made) (mandatory)

|

  * to measure interest in and improve our products, services and site; and to customise user experiences.
  * to notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns.
  * to administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.

  
  
location data (optional)

|

  * to measure interest in and improve our products, services and site; and to customise user experiences.
  * to notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns.

  
  
rights under korean privacy laws

you have certain rights regarding your personal data. your rights with respect
your own personal data include those under the statement and the following:

  * the right to consent to the collection of your personal data. when we request your personal data, the data that is mandatory for the services that are being provided will be marked accordingly. you can choose not to provide us with the requested data but this may impede your use or access of the relevant services. 



  * the right to consent to the sharing of your personal data, delegation of processing of your personal data or international transfer of your personal data.



  * the right to request access, correction, deletion, suspension of processing of personal data to the extent permitted under article 35, section 5 and article 37, section 2 of the personal information protection act. 



you can exercise your rights by [filing a request here](https://privacyportal-
cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/da774af3-e615-4e8c-8a28-3d13e98367c5/d294c536-2b05-4be5-b3dc-22f11e5c9d19.html).
you may also appoint an attorney-in-fact to exercise your rights by submitting
a power of attorney to us in the form of appendix 11 prescribed under the
regulations of the personal information protection act. we reserve the right
to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity or
verify the identify and relationship of your attorney-in-fact and ensure your
right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).

children’s data

tripadvisor is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to
minors. we do not knowingly collect data relating to minors. if a person whom
we know is under 14 years of age sends us personal data, we will delete or
destroy this information as soon as reasonably possible.

information sharing and international transfers

we, tripadvisor llc, may share information with third-parties, such as those
listed below, in order to facilitate some of our services and products.there
may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal data. some of
our services and products require that we share information with the third-
parties listed below. there may also be legal reasons that we have to share
your personal data.

to efficiently provide our services to you, we have delegated certain
processing functions as described below to the third-parties listed below. we
will obtain your consent when provide your information and delegate processing
to such third-parties pursuant to the agreements in place with such third
parties

your personal data may be stored or transferred to countries outside korea for
the purposes described in this statement. when we store or transfer your
personal data outside korea, we will notify you and request for your consent
unless such transfer is being made for the purpose of performing the services
requested by you and to further your convenience.



**third party details**

|

**purpose and use**

|

**shared/transferred personal data**

|

**retention period**  
  
---|---|---|---  
  
salesforce.com, inc.  
usa  
salesforce data protection officer (salesforce privacy team)  
415 mission st., 3rd floor  
san francisco, ca 94105, usa

|

  * to manage user registration, the account, and facilitate access to and use of the website/app.  


  * to publish user generated content such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc.  


  * to facilitate and manage reservations, including sending booking confirmations and updates.  


  * to communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems.  


  * to administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, name, username.  


  * user submitted content (to the extent that it contains personally identifiable attributes.

|

we will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your
account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this
statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. in
addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period
necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights.



  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number

  
  
zendesk, inc.  
usa  
zendesk's european representative:  
zendesk international ltd  
attn: rachel tobin, agc, emea & global privacy counsel  
55 charlemont place, saint kevin's, dublin, d02 f985 ireland  
[privacy@zendesk.com](mailto:privacy@zendesk.com)

|

  * to manage user registration, the account, and facilitate access to and use of the website/app.  


  * to publish user generated content such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc.  


  * to facilitate and manage reservations, including sending booking confirmations and updates.  


  * to communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems.  


  * to administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, number, username.  


  * user submitted content (to the extent that it contains personally identifiable attributes).  


  * ip and/or browser/device data  


  * email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status  


  * session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches, and/or reservations facilitated or made.

  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number

  
  
amazon web services, inc.  
usa  
aws korea privacy  
email: [aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com](mailto:aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com)

|

  * to manage user registration, the account, and facilitate access to and use of the website/app.  


  * to administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, name, username.  


  * ip and/or browser/device data  


  * session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches, and/or reservations facilitated or made.

  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number

  
  
snowflake computing, inc.  
usa  
[privacy@snowflake.com](mailto:privacy@snowflake.com)

|

  * to manage user registration, the account, and facilitate access to and use of the website/app.  


  * to administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, name, username.  


  * ip and/or browser/device data  


  * session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches, and/or reservations facilitated or made.

  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number

  
  
google llc  
usa  
keith enright  
chief privacy officer  
google llc  
google data protection office  
1600 amphitheatre parkway  
mountain view, california 94043  
[https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?visit_id=637109041821835307-4099556209&rd=2](https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?visit_id=637109041821835307-4099556209&rd=2)

|

  * to manage user registration, the account, and facilitate access to and use of the website/app.  


  * to measure interest in and improve our products, services and site; and to customise user experiences.  


  * to administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, name, username.  


  * ip and/or browser/device data  


  * session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches, and/or reservations facilitated or made.

  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number  


  * location data

  
  
synnex-concentrix uk limited  
united kingdom  
vasanthika srinath  
[dpo@concentrix.com](mailto:dpo@concentrix.com)

|

  * to communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, name, username.  


  * ip and/or browser/device data  


  * email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status

  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number

  
  
onetrust, llc  
usa  
onetrust, llc  
1200 abernathy road  
atlanta, ga 30328  
united states  
andrew clearwater  
[dpo@onetrust.com](mailto:dpo@onetrust.com)

|

  * to communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, name, username.  


  * ip and/or browser/device data  


  * email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status  


  * session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches, and/or reservations facilitated or made.

  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number

  
  
tableau software, inc.  
usa  
tableau software, inc., attn: tableau legal, 1621 n 34th st., seattle,
washington 98103  
[privacy@tableau.com](mailto:privacy@tableau.com)

|

  * to measure interest in and improve our products, services and site; and to customise user experiences.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, name, username.  


  * ip and/or browser/device data  


  * email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status  


  * session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches, and/or reservations facilitated or made.

  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number  


  * location data

  
  
twilio, inc.  
usa  
375 beale street, suite 300, san francisco, ca 94105  
office of the data protection officer  
[privacy@twilio.com](mailto:privacy@twilio.com)

|

  * to notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns.

|

(mandatory)

  * contact information, including email address, name, username.  


  * ip and/or browser/device data  


  * session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches, and/or reservations facilitated or made.

  
  
(optional)

  * contact information, including postal address, telephone number  


  * location data

  
  
information security

we want you to feel confident about using our services so we are committed to
protecting the information we collect. we have implemented the following
administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect
the personal information you provide to us.

  * administrative security procedures: only a limited number of authorised workers are permitted access to personal data in accordance with internal access controls. access is granted on a role permission basis only for permitted business functions.



  * technical security procedures: personal data is encrypted when it is transmitted. we use firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorised persons from gaining access to personal data. certain user data may be hashed depending on its sensitivity.



  * physical security procedures: data is secured in lockdown restricted cages. this data is stored in restricted data centers. hard drives are physically destroyed when replaced and we have internal procedures in place to secure access to restricted server rooms and physical assets.

destruction and deletion of information

we will destroy or delete your data in the event the data retention period has
lapsed, you no longer maintain your account or if the purpose of data
collection has been achieved.

the procedure and method of destruction and deletion is as follows:

  * procedure: personal information is disposed of, destroyed or deleted for the protection of information in accordance with our internal company policy and other applicable laws, after the purpose of its collection has been fulfilled.
  * method: personal information in paper format will be destroyed using paper shredder, and personal information stored in electronic format will be destroyed using technical methods which make the records unrecoverable.    

contact

you can exercise several of your rights through the personal information
section of your account. to exercise your other rights you can file a request
by [clicking here](https://privacyportal-
cdn.onetrust.com/dsarwebform/da774af3-e615-4e8c-8a28-3d13e98367c5/d294c536-2b05-4be5-b3dc-22f11e5c9d19.html)
or you can contact our representative in korea who has been appointed in
accordance with the applicable korean law for the purpose of handling personal
data protection questions or requests in korea.

the contact details of our representative are:

**lab partners (managing partner: youngju kim)**

tel:                  02-6956-6311

e-mail:
[tripadvisor@labpartners.co.kr](mailto:tripadvisor@labpartners.co.kr)

address:          8th floor, vplex, 501 teheran-ro,

gangnam-gu, seoul, korea 06168

lab partner's role in this respect is limited solely to being a contact point
for questions or requests on personal data protection from persons in korea
and data protection supervisory authorities.  for the avoidance of doubt, lab
partners cannot field other communications or legal process on behalf of
tripadvisor llc.

#  

previous: <https://tripadvisor.mediaroom.com/us-privacy-policy-2019>

  *   *   *   * 



  * [united states](index.php?s=34281 "united states")
  * [canada (english)](index.php?s=34297 "canada \(english\)")
  * [canada (français)](index.php?s=34301 "canada \(french\)")
  * [brasil](index.php?s=34289 "brazil")
  * [méxico](index.php?s=34305 "mexico")
  * [argentina](index.php?s=34309 "argentina")
  * [chile](index.php?s=34313 "chile")
  * [colombia](index.php?s=34317 "colombia")
  * [perú](index.php?s=34321 "peru")
  * [venezuela](index.php?s=34325 "venezuela")
  * [united kingdom](index.php?s=34282 "united kingdom")
  * [italia](index.php?s=34286 "italy")
  * [españa](index.php?s=34287 "spain")
  * [deutschland](index.php?s=34449 "germany")
  * [france](index.php?s=34285 "france")
  * [sverige](index.php?s=34341 "sweden")
  * [nederland](index.php?s=34345 "the netherlands")
  * [türkiye](index.php?s=34349 "turkey")
  * [danmark](index.php?s=34353 "denmark")
  * [ireland](index.php?s=34357 "ireland")
  * [česká republika](index.php?s=34361 "czech republic")
  * [österreich](index.php?s=34365 "austria")
  * [ελλάδα](index.php?s=34369 "greece")
  * [suomi](index.php?s=34373 "finland")
  * [magyarország](index.php?s=34377 "hungary")
  * [norge](index.php?s=34381 "norway")
  * [polska](index.php?s=34385 "poland")
  * [portugal](index.php?s=34389 "portugal")
  * [россия](index.php?s=34288 "russia")
  * [slovensko](index.php?s=34393 "slovakia")
  * [srbija](index.php?s=34397 "serbia")
  * [schweiz](index.php?s=34401 "switzerland")
  * [suisse](index.php?s=34405 "switzerland")
  * [svizzera](index.php?s=34409 "switzerland")
  * [belgique](index.php?s=34413 "belgium")
  * [belgië](index.php?s=34417 "belgium")
  * [日本](index.php?s=34291 "japan")
  * [中国](index.php?s=34292 "china")
  * [中文国际版](index.php?s=34423 "chinese international")
  * [india](index.php?s=34290 "india")
  * [australia](index.php?s=34283 "australia")
  * [malaysia](index.php?s=34294 "malaysia")
  * [new zealand](index.php?s=34284 "new zealand")
  * [philippines](index.php?s=34425 "philippines")
  * [singapore](index.php?s=34293 "singapore")
  * [indonesia](index.php?s=34295 "indonesia")
  * [대한민국](index.php?s=34429 "south korea")
  * [ไทย](index.php?s=34296 "thailand")
  * [việt nam](index.php?s=34433 "vietnam")
  * [台灣](index.php?s=34437 "taiwan")
  * [hong kong](index.php?s=34441 "hong kong")
  * [香港](index.php?s=34445 "hong kong")
  * [العربية‬](index.php?s=34578 "arabic")
  * [مصر](index.php?s=34329 "egypt")
  * [south africa](index.php?s=34333 "south africa")
  * [ישראל](index.php?s=34337 "israel")

![](images/tripadvisor_lockup_horizontal_registered.png)

united states __

  * the americas

    * [united states](index.php?s=34281 "united states")
    * [canada (english)](index.php?s=34297 "canada \(english\)")
    * [canada (français)](index.php?s=34301 "canada \(french\)")
    * [brasil](index.php?s=34289 "brazil")
    * [méxico](index.php?s=34305 "mexico")
    * [argentina](index.php?s=34309 "argentina")
    * [chile](index.php?s=34313 "chile")
    * [colombia](index.php?s=34317 "colombia")
    * [perú](index.php?s=34321 "peru")
    * [venezuela](index.php?s=34325 "venezuela")
  * europe

    * [united kingdom](index.php?s=34282 "united kingdom")
    * [italia](index.php?s=34286 "italy")
    * [españa](index.php?s=34287 "spain")
    * [deutschland](index.php?s=34449 "germany")
    * [france](index.php?s=34285 "france")
    * [sverige](index.php?s=34341 "sweden")
    * [nederland](index.php?s=34345 "the netherlands")
    * [türkiye](index.php?s=34349 "turkey")
    * [danmark](index.php?s=34353 "denmark")
    * [ireland](index.php?s=34357 "ireland")
    * [česká republika](index.php?s=34361 "czech republic")
    * [österreich](index.php?s=34365 "austria")
    * [ελλάδα](index.php?s=34369 "greece")
    * [suomi](index.php?s=34373 "finland")
  *  

    * [magyarország](index.php?s=34377 "hungary")
    * [norge](index.php?s=34381 "norway")
    * [polska](index.php?s=34385 "poland")
    * [portugal](index.php?s=34389 "portugal")
    * [россия](index.php?s=34288 "russia")
    * [slovensko](index.php?s=34393 "slovakia")
    * [srbija](index.php?s=34397 "serbia")
    * [schweiz](index.php?s=34401 "switzerland")
    * [suisse](index.php?s=34405 "switzerland")
    * [svizzera](index.php?s=34409 "switzerland")
    * [belgique](index.php?s=34413 "belgium")
    * [belgië](index.php?s=34417 "belgium")
  * asia pacific

    * [日本](index.php?s=34291 "japan")
    * [中国](index.php?s=34292 "china")
    * [中文国际版](index.php?s=34423 "chinese international")
    * [india](index.php?s=34290 "india")
    * [australia](index.php?s=34283 "australia")
    * [malaysia](index.php?s=34294 "malaysia")
    * [new zealand](index.php?s=34284 "new zealand")
    * [philippines](index.php?s=34425 "philippines")
    * [singapore](index.php?s=34293 "singapore")
    * [indonesia](index.php?s=34295 "indonesia")
    * [대한민국](index.php?s=34429 "south korea")
    * [ไทย](index.php?s=34296 "thailand")
    * [việt nam](index.php?s=34433 "vietnam")
    * [台灣](index.php?s=34437 "taiwan")
    * [hong kong](index.php?s=34441 "hong kong")
    * [香港](index.php?s=34445 "hong kong")
  * africa & the middle east

    * [العربية‬](index.php?s=34578 "arabic")
    * [مصر](index.php?s=34329 "egypt")
    * [south africa](index.php?s=34333 "south africa")
    * [ישראל](index.php?s=34337 "israel")

![](https://stats.drivetheweb.com/piwik.php?idsite=4086&rec=1)

