developer terms

##  ads api agreement

[ accept ads api agreement
](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/ads/general/overview/adsapi-
application.html)

##### twitter ads products and services agreement

effective: aug 1, 2018.

this twitter ads products and services agreement (the â **agreement** â)
is made and entered into by and between the entity identified in the
âtwitter ads api programâ application form submitted to twitter by such
entity (or its authorized representative) (referred to herein as â
**company** â) and twitter, inc., if company is in the united states of
america, or twitter international company, if company is outside of the united
states of america, on behalf of itself and its affiliates (as defined below)
(in either case, â **twitter** â) and governs companyâs access to and
use of the ad products (as defined below). as used herein, â **affiliate**
â means any other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with twitter.

please read the terms and conditions of this agreement carefully, including,
without limitation, all exhibits attached hereto and any linked terms and
conditions appearing or referenced below, which are hereby made part of this
agreement. by checking the box labeled âyes, i agreeâ and clicking
âsubmitâ (or language that is the equivalent of âyes, i agreeâ such
as, for example only, âi acceptâ) or using the twitter materials, company
is agreeing that company has read, and that company agrees to comply with and
to be bound by, the terms and conditions of this agreement. if company does
not agree to be bound by this agreement, then company may not access or
otherwise use the twitter materials. this agreement is effective as of the
earlier of: (i) the date company checks âyes, i agreeâ and clicks
âsubmitâ to accept this agreement, or (ii) the first date that company
accesses the twitter materials (â **effective date** â). if and to the
extent, however, that companyâs application to access and use the twitter
materials is not approved by twitter (in its sole and absolute discretion),
this agreement will be null, void and of no effect. if you are an individual
representing company, you acknowledge, represent, and warrant, that you (a)
have read and understand this agreement, (b) have the appropriate authority to
accept this agreement on behalf of company, and (c) you agree, on behalf of
company, to the terms of this agreement. you may not use the twitter materials
and may not accept this agreement if you do not have the legal authority to
bind company, are not of legal age or are otherwise unable to form a binding
contract with twitter, or you are barred from using or receiving the twitter
materials under applicable law.

1\. **introduction; scope; individual product terms.**

1.1 **introduction.** â twitter maintains, operates, and offers a suite of
products and services that enable various functionalities for twitterâs
advertising partners. the specific products, services and programs (each, an
â **individual product** â) that enable or are related to these
functionalities are: (i) the twitter ads api program (as further described inâ
_exhibit a_ ); and (ii) twitterâs tailored audiences program (as further
described inâ _exhibit b_ ). collectively, these individual products are
referred to herein as the â **ads products** â. this agreement governs the
use of, and/or access to, the ads products collectively, and the individual
products individually. in addition, to the extent that company participates in
the twitter official partner (â **top** â) program in connection with an
ads product covered under this agreement, the terms and conditions set forth
in exhibit c will apply to company.

1.2 **scope.** â subject to this agreement, during the term, company may
access and use the specific individual products to which twitter has granted
or provided company with access. company is under no obligation to use any or
all of the individual products to which twitter has granted or provided
company with access, and twitter is under no obligation to provide (nor
continue to provide) company with the use of, and/or access to, any given
individual product or feature of the ads products. twitter may grant or deny
use of and/or access to any given individual product, or any feature thereof,
at any time at twitterâs sole discretion. to the extent that company
accesses or uses any feature of the ads products, the terms of this agreement
will govern any such access or use. for the avoidance of doubt, this agreement
shall solely govern companyâs use of the ads products described herein.
access and use by company of any data, content or other materials provided
(directly or indirectly) by twitter to company under a separate agreement
and/or in connection with a separate twitter program shall be governed wholly
by the terms and conditions of such separate agreement and/or program (and not
the terms and conditions of this agreement), unless otherwise mutually agreed
in writing by twitter and company.

1.3 **individual product terms.** â each individual product may include
specific terms and conditions that, in addition to and without limitation to,
the terms of this agreement, will be applicable to the extent that company
accesses or uses the given individual product. companyâs access to any given
individual product and/or the associated twitter materials (as defined below
in section 2.14) is conditioned upon companyâs acceptance of, and compliance
with, the individual product terms and any technical limitations on access,
calls, and use of the individual products. the individual product terms are
attached hereto asâ _exhibits a and b_. twitter may establish and modify such
individual product policies or terms in twitterâs sole discretion, as set
forth in section 15.15 below.

2\. **definitions.**

2.1 " **campaign** " means a desktop, mobile website, or mobile application
advertising campaign, or fraction thereof.

2.2 " **client** " means a twitter advertiser (who is also a company customer)
that utilizes one (1) or more of the ads products, as approved by twitter in
each instance.

2.3 " **company marks** " means companyâs name and any company logos,
trademarks and/or service marks supplied by company to twitter for use
hereunder (or otherwise authorized by company for twitterâs use hereunder).

2.4 " **company materials** " means any company data, deliverables, or user
content provided by company to twitter via the ads products.

2.5 " **company service** " means companyâs websites, applications and other
offerings that display or otherwise use twitter materials or aspects thereof.

2.6 " **data** " means metrics, data and any other information and/or content
twitter makes available to company, including any results, usage statistics,
data or other information (in the aggregate or otherwise) derived from
analyzing or using any of the foregoing.

2.7 " **end users** " means an employee or authorized agent of a client who
uses the ads products on behalf of such client.

2.8 " **marks** " means the twitter marks and/or company marks, as the case
may be (based on context).

2.9 " **materials** " means twitter materials and/or company materials, as the
case may be (based on context).

2.10 " **personal data** " means data relating to a living individual who is
or can be identified either from the data or from the data in conjunction with
other information that is in, or is likely to come into, the possession of the
data controller.

2.11 " **twitter ads** " means twitter advertising products and services,
including the placement of advertisements on the twitter network.

2.12 " **twitter code** " means computer code that will call (at a minimum) a
twitter server, developed by twitter and provided to company.

2.13 " **twitter marks** " means twitterâs name and any twitter logos,
trademarks and/or service marks supplied by twitter to company for use
hereunder (or otherwise authorized by twitter for companyâs use hereunder).

2.14 " **twitter materials** " means any twitter data, deliverables, or user
content (including derivatives thereof) generated by twitter, and any twitter
data, deliverables, or user content (including derivatives thereof) generated,
collected or developed by twitter, or that is provided or made available to
company by twitter pursuant to this agreement, including any data derived
from, based upon, or arising out of, companyâs partnership with twitter, or
any device-level data, or any conversion, engagement, tracking or targeting
data that company or any twitter-approved third party collects, infers,
derives, or obtains from or in connection with companyâs twitter advertising
campaigns. for clarity and without limitation, âtwitter materialsâ
includes the twitter ads api (as defined inâ _exhibit a_ ), twitter code,
data, the ads products, and any twitter user id used to create a tailored
audience (defined below).

2.15 " **twitter network** " means the network of advertising channels,
including all forms of media, applications, and devices, through which twitter
may distribute ads, in any medium now known or hereafter developed.

2.16 " **twitter official partner program** " means the partnership and
branding program offered by twitter, as further described inâ _exhibit c_.

2.17 " **twitter service** " means: (i) real-time content and information
services operated by twitter, (ii) the technology and systems that enable such
services, which includes, collectively, the consumer and advertising products
and services currently provided by twitter or at its websites, and twitter-
owned, operated and/or controlled mobile applications and social plug-ins and
apis, including, without limitation, the measurement code, any html tags or
other codes, internet portals, dashboards, systems and analytic tools and
related services, and (iii) all other products or services offered by twitter
and its affiliates, including (without limitation and for example only) the
twitter audience platform, mopub, data & enterprise solutions, and periscope.

3\. **twitter ads/campaign management; liability assumption.**

3.1 **twitter ads/campaign management.** â company may have access to one or
more individual products that will allow company, in companyâs sole
discretion and/or at the direction of companyâs clients, to optimize,
modify, manage, initiate or manipulate twitter ads on the twitter network, or
otherwise make ad management and targeting decisions (referred to herein as
â **campaign management** â). if company accesses or uses any such
individual products: (a) company must promptly provide any advertising
materials it intends to post to the twitter network; and (b) company
authorizes twitter to place company and/or clientâs advertising materials on
any content or property available through the applicable individual product,
whether such content or property is provided on the twitter network or through
a third party. company will obtain the necessary licenses and authorizations
from the applicable client for company to use such advertising materials on
behalf of such client. company is not required to use any individual product
that permits campaign management, but if company uses any such products,
services or features then company hereby assumes any and all risk, and accepts
any and all responsibility and liability, arising out of or in connection with
companyâs campaign management, including but not limited to: (i) audience
creation and selection, data entry errors, tactic selection, and associated
inventory, data, and other third-party costs; (ii) properties to which any ads
provided by company directs viewers (e.g. landing pages) and any redirects
therefrom; (iii) services and products advertised in any landing pages; and
(iv) any associated company materials including without limitation, the
advertising materials, technology, and/or creative provided to twitter.
company hereby acknowledges and agrees that twitter shall bear no
responsibility or liability in connection with companyâs campaign
management. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, twitter shall
not be responsible, and company shall be solely responsible, for training
companyâs personnel in campaign management and the ads products
functionality.

3.2 **binding of clients to these terms; liability assumption.** â if company
accesses or uses the ads products (or any aspect thereof, including by
campaign management) on behalf of clients or any other third parties, company
warrants that it: (i) is authorized to act on behalf of such clients or other
third parties, and has bound such clients or other third parties to the
applicable twitter policies (as defined in section 6 below), including the
applicable twitter master services agreement (â **msa** â), which shall
govern all purchases of twitter ads made by company, and the terms of this
agreement that apply to the access and use of the applicable ads products (or
any aspect thereof) and (ii) will be responsible for their compliance with,
and liable for their breach thereof.

4\. **privacy.**

4.1 **direct data gathering.** â company represents and warrants that (i) in
the event company is collecting data from users directly (including, without
limitation, on or through the company service), it has provided such users
with legally-sufficient notice (including, without limitation, by
conspicuously posting a legally-sufficient privacy policy from all websites,
mobile applications, and other services from which data from users are
collected and/or made available to twitter that complies with all applicable
laws and regulations, discloses the fact that third parties collect
information about usersâ activities on or through the relevant websites,
mobile applications, and other services (e.g., browsing or shopping) for
interest-based advertising purposes, and provides users with legally
sufficient instructions for such users to opt out of interest-based
advertising); (ii) it has obtained all legally-required informed consent from
such users, including regarding companyâs use of cookies and/or tracking
pixels in connection with such data collection; and (iii) the company
materials do not contain or relate to, and any audience data provided, made
accessible, or imported by company to twitter does not contain or relate to,
any data pertaining to any user(s) or data subject(s) who has or have
exercised an option to opt-out of receiving interest-based advertising.

4.2 **personal data.** â company represents and warrants that company will
not, and will not attempt to, connect or combine any twitter materials either
directly or indirectly with any personal data or to identifiers that are
themselves directly or indirectly associated with any personal data. in
addition, company will put reasonable safeguards in place to prohibit twitter
materials from being linked to any personal data (whether directly or by
inference).

4.3 **privacy compliance.** â company represents and warrants that (i) it will
not provide twitter with company materials relating to sensitive information,
including alleged or actual commission of a crime, health, negative financial
status or condition, political affiliation or beliefs, racial or ethnic
origin, religious or philosophical affiliation or beliefs, sex life, or trade
union membership, or collected from websites, mobile applications, or other
services where the product, message, or service that is being offered is
prohibited by twitterâs ads policies
(<https://business.twitter.com/en/help/ads-policies/introduction-to-twitter-
ads/twitter-ads-policies.html>), and (ii) it will not (1) provide twitter with
any company materials regarding children under the age of thirteen, or (2)
send twitter any company materials or other data from a website, mobile
application or online service directed to children, as defined in the
childrenâs online privacy protection act, currently at 16 cfr 312. company
acknowledges and agrees that it will at all times comply with the terms of the
twitter data processing addendum located atâ
<https://gdpr.twitter.com/en/dpa.html>.

4.4 **third party data.** â company represents and warrants that, in the event
company is obtaining data about users indirectly from one or more third
parties (including, without limitation, data partners and/or advertisers,
including, without limitation, clients) to support companyâs performance
obligations vis-ã -vis twitter under this agreement, it has contractually
bound each such third party to the requirements contained in this agreement
including, without limitation, in this section 4.

5\. **ownership; license; limitations and restrictions.**

5.1 **ownership.** â as between company and twitter, company retains all
worldwide right, title and interest in and to the company materials, company
marks, and the company service, excluding any twitter materials, twitter marks
and twitter service (and any derivative works or enhancements of any of the
foregoing) incorporated therein, including but not limited to all intellectual
property rights therein. any rights not expressly granted herein are withheld.
as between company and twitter, twitter owns all worldwide right, title and
interest in and to the twitter materials, twitter marks, and twitter service
and all future improvements, developments, enhancements, derivative works, and
related rights based upon, related to, arising from, or associated with the
(i) twitter materials, (ii) the twitter marks, and (iii) the twitter service,
including where such improvements, developments, enhancements or derivative
works are created by using or referencing data, insights, information, or
learnings derived from any company materials in accordance to the terms of
this agreement, or data related to the company advertising activity on the
twitter service), including but not limited to all intellectual property
rights therein.

5.2 **license to company.** â during the term (including, any wind-down
period), to the extent that company uses, or has access to, the ad products
(or any aspect thereof), twitter hereby grants to company a limited, royalty-
free, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferrable right and license to
use and maintain any twitter materials and twitter marks that twitter may
provide to company under this agreement solely if and as necessary to use the
ads products (or any individual product) which twitter provides or makes
accessible to company, and to exercise its rights and fulfill its obligations
under this agreement, in each instance in accordance with the terms of this
agreement (including without limitation the restrictions and/or limitations on
the use of twitter materials). company agrees that its use of the twitter
marks will at all times comply with the twitter trademark guidelines (defined
below in section 6).

5.3 **license to twitter.** â during the term (including, any wind-down
period), if company uses, or has access to, the ad products (or any aspect
thereof), company grants to twitter a royalty-free, non-exclusive,
sublicensable, non-transferable right and license to use, copy, display,
maintain, transfer, modify, duplicate, and transmit the company materials and
the company marks as necessary to fulfill company instructions (including
without limitation via the purchase and/or placement of ads on any ad
inventory accessible on the twitter network), to operate the ad products (or
any individual product), and to exercise its rights and fulfill its
obligations under this agreement, in each instance in accordance with the
terms of this agreement.

5.4 **limitations and restrictions.**

5.4.1 twitter materials are being provided to company, and company materials
are being provided to twitter, solely for the use of and/or provision of the
ads products and for any other purpose expressly permitted under this
agreement.

5.4.2 except as expressly permitted under this agreement or unless otherwise
mutually agreed in writing in advance by twitter and company, company shall
not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to, exploit, duplicate,
copy, modify, derive, and/or re-use any twitter materials, or any information,
data, or insights derived from twitter materials for any internal or external
purpose (including, but not limited to, ad targeting, ad optimization,
remarketing, behavioral targeting, retargeting, redirecting, or creating or
augmenting in any manner groupings of users or devices segments, or creating
or appending end user profiles, including those associated with any mobile
device identifier or other unique identifier connected to any end user,
computer, browser or device, or redirecting a user with advertising via
advertising networks or exchanges, data brokers or any other advertising or
monetization services). further, company will not use twitter materials for
identifying or re-identifying users in any way whatsoever (including by
combining twitter materials or data derived therefrom with data derived from
third party sources).

5.4.3 company may not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to,
incorporate any twitter materials (including, without limitation, computer
code, pixels, tags, or any other digital products provided by twitter to
company) into another product or service (except as necessary for the
performance of this agreement and permitted by the terms and conditions of
this agreement), translate, modify, reverse engineer or reverse compile,
disassemble, make derivative works of, or otherwise attempt to discover any
source code, underlying ideas, of algorithms of any twitter materials without
twitterâs express written permission.

5.4.4 company will not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to,
interfere with, modify, disrupt or disable features or functionality of any
twitter materials, including without limitation any mechanism used to restrict
or control the functionality, or defeat, avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate or
otherwise circumvent any software protection or monitoring mechanisms of the
twitter materials.

5.4.5 company will not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to,
sell, rent, lease, sublicense, distribute, redistribute, syndicate, create
derivative works of, assign or otherwise transfer or provide access to, in
whole or in part, the twitter materials to any third party except as expressly
permitted herein.

5.4.6 company will not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to,
remove or alter any proprietary notices or marks in or on the twitter
materials.

5.4.7 company will not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to,
provide use of the twitter materials on a service bureau, rental or managed
services basis or permit other individuals or entities to create links to the
twitter materials or "frame" or "mirror" the twitter materials on any other
server, or wireless or internet-based device, or if applicable, otherwise make
available to a third party, any token, key, password or other login
credentials to the twitter materials.

5.4.8 company will not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to, use
the twitter materials for any illegal, unauthorized or other improper
purposes.

5.4.9 company may not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to, share
the twitter materials (including without limitation data) with any third party
(whether verbally or in writing), including any of companyâs clients or
business partners or any company personnel unrelated to the ads products,
except if and as explicitly outlined herein, or as permitted by twitter in
advance in writing (email accepted).

5.4.10 company may not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to, co-
mingle or otherwise create any combined display of twitter materials with
company materials, data, content or other materials received from twitter
under a separate agreement, or any other third-party materials or across
advertising campaigns, except if and as expressly detailed herein or as
approved by twitter in writing in advance.

5.4.11 company may not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to,
offer or provide the company service and/or the twitter materials as part of
an advertising network and may not enable any programmatic export or otherwise
enable machine consumption of twitter materials by or to any third party
(including, without limitation, clients) without twitterâs prior written
consent.

5.4.12 company may not, nor allow any other party (including clients) to,
encourage or require users to engage with any ads products in such a fashion
that may be misleading or deceptive to the user accessing the twitter network,
which may include methods such as offering incentives, points, rewards, cash,
prizes, or anything else of monetary value, or any other methods that are
malicious or fraudulent.

6\. **incorporated terms.** â companyâs access to any given individual
product and/or the associated twitter materials is conditioned upon
companyâs acceptance of, and compliance with, the following twitter policies
(each solely to the extent applicable to the individual product and twitter
materials that company is accessing and/or using):

6.1 privacy policy (<https://twitter.com/en/privacy>)

6.2 terms of service (<https://twitter.com/en/tos>)

6.3 applicable twitter master services agreement
(<https://legal.twitter.com/ads-terms/us.html>)
(<https://legal.twitter.com/ads-terms/international.html>) or other such
twitter master services agreement referenced on an insertion order.

6.4â ads policy guidelines (<https://business.twitter.com/en/help/ads-
policies/introduction-to-twitter-ads/twitter-ads-policies.html>), including
the policies for conversion tracking and tailored audiences
(<https://business.twitter.com/en/help/ads-policies/other-policy-
requirements/policies-for-conversion-tracking-and-tailored-audiences.html>)

6.5 developer agreement and policy
([https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement-and-
policy](/en/developer-terms/agreement-and-policy))

6.6 twitter trademark and brand guidelines
(<https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html>)

the above policies are collectively referred to herein as the â **twitter
policies.** â company agrees to the twitter policies to the extent that
company accesses or uses individual products to which the individual policies
apply. company accepts and agrees that the twitter policies may be modified by
twitter from time to time in twitterâs sole discretion. in the event of a
material modification to the twitter policies that impacts company, twitter
will provide company of notice (email accepted) of any such change.
companyâs continued access or use of the twitter materials and twitter marks
following any such updates or modifications will constitute binding acceptance
of the updates and modifications.

â

7\. **term; termination rights; suspension rights.**

7.1 **term**.â this agreement will commence on the effective date and will
remain in effect for one (1) year (the â **initial term** â) and
automatically continue thereafter for additional, successive one (1) year
terms (each a â **renewal term** â), unless either party provides written
notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the
initial term or then-current renewal term, as applicable. the initial term and
all renewal terms will collectively constitute the â **term.** â)

7.2 **termination; suspension.** â either party may terminate this agreement
for convenience upon provision of thirty (30) daysâ prior notice to the
other party. this agreement may also be terminated by twitter: (a) immediately
upon written notice to company if company merges or is acquired, in whole or
in part, by any third party, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, and/or by
operation of law (including, without limitation, in connection with a merger,
acquisition, or sale of assets, whether company is the surviving or
disappearing entity); or (b) immediately upon written notice to company if
company has a receiver or similar party appointed for its property, becomes
insolvent, acknowledges its insolvency in any manner, ceases to do business,
makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or files a petition in
bankruptcy. without limiting any other remedy in this agreement or available
at law or in equity, twitter may immediately suspend companyâs access to, or
use of, the ads products, any given individual product, and/or the twitter
materials (or any part thereof) or terminate any and all license(s) granted to
company under this agreement or this agreement in its entirety, at any time
and without notice, if twitter, in its sole discretion, believes or determines
that: (i) company is in violation of any of the twitter policies, or has
breached or attempts to breach or is in non-compliance with any term or
condition of this agreement, and/or (ii) companyâs continued access to the
ads products, a given individual product, and/or the twitter materials will or
may cause liability for twitter and/or twitterâs clients or otherwise harm
twitter or twitterâs clientâs service, business, or reputation.

7.3 **effect of termination.** â upon expiration or termination of this
agreement: (a) all rights and licenses granted hereunder will immediately
cease and company shall immediately cease accessing and using the twitter
materials; (b) within thirty (30) days of such expiration or termination,
company will remove, delete and securely erase all twitter materials
(including all copies and portions thereof) in all forms and types of media
from the company service or otherwise in companyâs possession or control;
and (c) within thirty (30) days of such expiration or termination, company
will delete and securely erase all copies of any confidential information (as
defined below in section 9) in companyâs possession or control. twitter will
not be liable for any costs, expenses, or damages as a result of its
termination of this agreement.

7.4 **wind down period.** â notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that
either party terminates this agreement pursuant to this section, the terms and
conditions of this agreement, and the respective rights and obligations of the
parties hereto, shall, at twitterâs sole election (and upon twitterâs
written notification to company of such election), continue to apply during a
wind-down period (as defined below) solely with respect to any and all client
advertising campaigns that are then ongoing at the time of such termination
(which shall include, without limitation, circumstances in which twitter
and/or the applicable client have elected to run an advertising campaign, even
if such advertising campaign has not actually commenced at the time of
termination). as used herein, â **wind-down period** â shall mean a period
commencing upon the termination of the term and continuing until the earlier
of: (i) ninety (90) days following such termination date; or (ii) the
completion of all client advertising campaigns that were then ongoing (as
described above) as of such termination date.â

7.5 **survival.** â those terms that by their nature should survive either
expiration or termination of this agreement, shall survive, including, but not
limited to, sections 3-15.

8\. **security; security breaches; regulatory notice; data deletion; audit.**

8.1 **security.** â company will use industry-standard security measures in
connection with its performance under this agreement, including, but not
limited to, administrative, technical, and physical security measures for data
transmission and storage at least as restrictive as industry-standard security
measures for the transmission and storage of the types of data included in the
twitter materials. company will also use reasonable technical and
organizational security measures (including, at a minimum, password protection
and access protocol restrictions), and in no event less care than it uses in
connection with transmitting and securing companyâs own data of the same or
similar nature, to restrict access to twitter materials and confidential
information to only those individual company personnel who need to access such
twitter materials in order to exercise companyâs rights and/or fulfill
companyâs obligations pursuant to this agreement.

8.2 **security breaches.** â company shall notify twitter in writing (which
may include email) within twenty-four (24) hours of becoming aware of any
security breach or other improper access that resulted, may have resulted, or
had the potential to result, in exposure of any twitter materials and/or data
related to, based upon, or arising from, this agreement. company will consult
and cooperate with twitter in any investigations, provide any required notices
and/or provide any information reasonably requested by twitter.

8.3 **regulatory inquiries.** â company shall notify twitter within twenty-
four (24) hours of companyâs receipt of notice of any inquiry from a
government or regulatory agency concerning a security breach (or similar
incident), companyâs alleged misuse of consumer data, or any other aspect of
companyâs operations that are reasonably related, either directly or
indirectly, to this agreement.

8.4 **data deletion.** â company shall delete and securely erase any and all
twitter materials from its systems when company no longer has a legitimate
business need to retain such twitter materials in order to exercise
companyâs rights and/or fulfill companyâs obligations under this agreement
(including, without limitation, in the event that the applicable client ceases
to use the ads products or otherwise ceases to use the company services), but
in no event later than the earlier of: (a) eighteen (18) months from the date
that company first receives the applicable data, or (b) thirty (30) days
following the expiration or termination date of the agreement. in addition, at
any time, company agrees to delete and securely erase, immediately upon
twitterâs written request (which may be delivered via email), any twitter
materials that twitter deems necessary or desirable to delete and securely
erase (in twitterâs sole and absolute discretion).

8.5 **audit.** â upon reasonable prior written notice (of no less than ten
(10) days), no more than twice each calendar year during the term and once
during the six (6) month period after the date that this agreement terminates
or expires, at twitterâs expense, twitter shall be provided access to
company facilities to audit the processes, methodologies, practices and
systems used by company in performance of its obligations and exercising its
rights under this agreement. for clarity, company acknowledges and agrees that
(i) twitter may engage a third-party auditor to perform any such audit on its
behalf; and (ii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, twitter may
share any relevant confidential information concerning company (including,
without limitation, the terms and conditions of this agreement) with such
third-party auditor solely as required to facilitate any such audit.

9\. **confidential information.** â each party agrees that all business,
technical and financial information that is designated as âconfidentialâ
or âproprietary,â or that is disclosed in a manner that a reasonable
person would understand the confidential nature of the information being
disclosed by the disclosing party (â **confidential information** â). for
clarity, all proprietary information provided by twitter to company pursuant
to this agreement, which includes, without limitation, information (tangible
or intangible) regarding twitterâs technology, designs, techniques,
research, know-how, specifications, product plans, pricing, customer
information, user data, current or future strategic information, current or
future business plans, policies or practices, employee information, and other
business and technical information (including, without limitation, results,
analysis or data regarding uptime, reliability, traffic and growth metrics,
network quality, and other usage statistics of the twitter service, in the
aggregate or otherwise, derived from companyâs use of the twitter materials
or the twitter service and/or access to technical documentation, developer
newsletters and/or online portals or forums) is twitter confidential
information and proprietary to twitter. without limiting the foregoing, the
terms and conditions of this agreement, the twitter materials, any product
requirements, and any other documentation, onboarding processes or other
materials provided by twitter to company under this agreement shall be deemed
twitter confidential information. except as expressly allowed herein, the
receiving party will hold in confidence and not use or disclose (except in
connection with the performance of such partyâs obligations under this
agreement) any confidential information of the disclosing party. the receiving
party shall not be obligated under this section with respect to information
that the receiving party can document through writing or testimony that such
information: (i) is or has become readily publicly available through no fault
of the receiving party or its employees or agents; (ii) is received from a
third party lawfully in possession of such information, and the receiving
party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to
disclose such information; (iii) is disclosed to a third party by the
disclosing party without restriction on disclosure; (iv) was rightfully in the
possession of the receiving party without restriction prior to its disclosure
by the other party; or (v) was independently developed by employees or
consultants of the receiving party without reliance on such information. the
receiving party may make disclosures required by law or court order, provided
that the receiving party notifies the disclosing party of the issuance of such
order and allows the disclosing party to participate in the proceeding

10\. **representations and warranties.** â company represents and warrants
that: (i) it has all requisite legal and corporate power to enter into this
agreement; (ii) it has taken all action required to make this agreement a
legal, valid and binding obligation; (iii) it has no agreement or
understanding with any third party that interferes with or will interfere with
its performance of its obligations under this agreement; (iv) it has obtained
and shall maintain all permissions, consents, rights, approvals and licenses
necessary to perform its obligations and grant all rights and licenses granted
under this agreement including, without limitation, all rights necessary for
company to grant twitter a license to use company materials to place ads on
any advertising inventory available or accessible to twitter on the twitter
service or otherwise and provide the company service; (v) the company service
and company materials do not, and will not, infringe, misappropriate or
otherwise violate any third party rights; and (vi) its business and
performance under this agreement, including its provision of the company
service, is and shall be in compliance with all applicable foreign, federal,
state and local laws and government rules and regulations. company further
represents and warrants that: (a) it has no knowledge of any actual, pending,
or threatened claims, lawsuits, actions, or charges pertaining to the company
service, any company materials or other deliverables related to this agreement
or companyâs practices regarding data security, data use, or privacy; and
(b) in in the event that company is accessing or using the ads products (or
any aspect thereof) on behalf of a client, company has the authority as agent
to such third party to use such company materials on such third partyâs
behalf, to convey the rights to such third party materials as may be provided
to twitter in the company materials, and to bind such third party to the terms
of this agreement.

11\. **feedback. beta services.** â if and to the extent that twitter provides
(in its sole and absolute discretion) company with any access to any features
and functionality that are designated private, unreleased, in development, or
in âalphaâ or âbetaâ (collectively, â **beta services** â),
company acknowledges and agrees that beta services are not supported by
twitter, and beta services (or any portion thereof) may be launched publicly
or made unavailable at any time (in each case, in twitterâs sole and
absolute discretion). beta services are provided âas isâ to the fullest
extent of the law, and companyâs use of such beta services is at companyâs
own risk and consent. all beta services will be considered twitter
confidential information. company agrees that participation in any beta
service will assist twitter in research, analyzing and validating some
existing and/or prospective programs, products and/or tools, and that if
company provides twitter with any comments, feedback or other information to
assist twitter in evaluating and improving such programs, products and/or
tools (â **feedback** â), twitter and its designees will be free to copy,
modify, create derivative works, publicly display, disclose, distribute,
license and sublicense, incorporate, and otherwise use the feedback, including
derivative works thereto, for any and all commercial and non-commercial
purposes with no obligation or compensation of any kind to company or any
third party. for clarification, feedback does not include and twitter will not
use companyâs name or publicly disclose companyâs beta services
performance results. feedback will also include any company comments
concerning the twitter materials, the ads products, and/or companyâs
evaluation and use thereof. company agrees that nothing in this agreement will
prevent twitter from developing products or services that may be competitive
with companyâs or any company clientsâ or end usersâ products or
services.

12\. **warranty disclaimer.** â the twitter materials, the ads products, and
any other twitter products and services (including, without limitation, any
beta services) and any twitter marks provided hereunder are provided âas
isâ and on an âas availableâ basis, without warranty of any kind.
twitter disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory, or
otherwise, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability,
noninfringement, fitness for a particular purpose, and any warranties or
conditions arising out of course of dealing or usage of trade. twitter does
not warrant that the twitter materials, the ads products, and any other
twitter products and services (including, without limitation, any beta
services) or any twitter marks provided hereunder will meet companyâs
requirements or that use of such twitter materials, other twitter products and
services and/or any twitter marks will be error-free, uninterrupted, virus-
free, or secure. this disclaimer of warranty may not be valid in some
jurisdictions, and company may have warranty rights under law which may not be
waived or disclaimed. any such warranty extends only for thirty (30) days from
the effective date of this agreement (unless such law provides otherwise).

13\. **indemnification** â company will defend, at its own expense, any claim,
suit or action against twitter brought by a third party to the extent that
such claim, suit or action is based upon an allegation that (i) the company
materials, the company service, the company marks, twitterâs use of the
company materials or company marks, or the technology used to generate the
company materials and/or the company service infringes any rights of any third
party (including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights,
privacy rights or publicity rights); (ii) company has breached any of its
obligations, representations or warranties hereunder, including companyâs
data security, data use, and privacy obligations or (iii) companyâs
unauthorized use of the twitter materials and/or twitter marks in violation of
the terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the agreement. company
will indemnify and hold twitter harmless from and against any losses, damages,
liabilities, penalties, costs and expenses attributable to any such claim.
company is responsible for defending any claim against twitter, subject to
twitterâs right to participate with counsel of its own choosing, and for
payment of all judgments, settlements, damages, losses, liabilities, costs,
and expenses, including reasonable attorneyâs fees, resulting from all
claims against twitter, provided that company will not agree to any settlement
related to any claims without twitterâs prior express written consent
regardless of whether or not such settlement releases twitter from any
obligation or liability. twitter will give company prompt notice of an
indemnification obligation (provided that failure to do so will only relieve
company of its obligation to the extent it can demonstrate material prejudice
from the failure).

14\. **limitation of liability.** â in no event will twitter be liable to
company or any clients or end users for any special, incidental, exemplary,
punitive, or consequential damages, or for lost revenue, lost profits, costs
of replacement of goods or services, loss of technology, goodwill, rights of
services, loss of data or interruption or of loss of use of service arising
out of or in connection with this agreement, or for companyâs or clientâs
or end userâs use of the twitter materials, twitter marks or any twitter
products and/or services (including, without limitation, the ads products)
provided hereunder, whether such liability arises from any claim based upon
contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), strict liability, or
otherwise, and whether or not twitter has been advised of the possibility of
such loss or damage. insofar as applicable law prohibits any limitation on
liability herein, the parties agree that such limitation will be automatically
modified, but only to the extent so as to make the limitation compliant with
applicable law. the parties agree that the limitations on liabilities set
forth herein are agreed allocations of risk and will apply notwithstanding the
failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. in any case, twitterâs
aggregate liability under this agreement will not exceed fifty u.s. dollars
(u.s. $50).

15\. **miscellaneous.**

15.1 **publicity.** â company may not issue any press release, blog post or
otherwise make any public announcement or disclosure concerning this
agreement, any of the activities contemplated hereunder, or concerning the
relationship between company and twitter without twitterâs prior written
consent (which may be provided by email).

15.2 **user protection.** â company will not (a) knowingly allow or assist any
government entities, law enforcement, or other organizations to conduct
surveillance on the twitter service or the twitter materials or obtain
information on twitterâs users or their tweets that would require a
subpoena, court order, or other valid legal process, or that would otherwise
have the potential to be inconsistent with twitterâs usersâ reasonable
expectations of privacy; or (b) display, distribute or otherwise make
available twitter materials to any person or entity that company reasonably
believes will use such data to violate the universal declaration of human
rights (located atâ <http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-
rights/index.html>), including without limitation articles 12, 18, or 19. any
law enforcement personnel seeking information about twitter users will be
referred to twitterâs guidelines for law enforcement located atâ
<https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-law-enforcement-
support>.

15.3 **government use.** â the twitter materials may be âcommercial itemsâ
as that term is defined at 48 c.f.r. 2.101, consisting of âcommercial
computer softwareâ and âcommercial computer software documentationâ as
such terms are used in 48 c.f.r. 12.212. any use, modification, derivative,
reproduction, release, performance, display, disclosure or distribution of the
twitter materials by any government entity is prohibited, except as expressly
permitted by the terms of this agreement. additionally, any use by u.s.
government entities must be in accordance with 48 c.f.r. 12.212 and 48 c.f.r.
227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4. contractor/manufacturer is twitter, inc., 1355
market street, suite 900, san francisco, california 94103.

15.4 **compliance with laws; export/import.** â each party will comply with
all applicable foreign, federal, state, and local laws, rules and regulations.
company shall not export or re-export twitter services or twitter data in
violation of the twitter policies (as defined herein) or applicable law. the
twitter materials may be subject to u.s. export laws and may be subject to
import and use laws of the country where it is delivered or used. company
agrees to abide by these laws. under these laws, the twitter materials may not
be sold, leased, downloaded, moved, exported, re-exported, or transferred
across borders without a license, or approval from the relevant government
authority, to any country or to any foreign national restricted by these laws,
including countries embargoed by the u.s. government; or to any restricted or
denied end-user including, but not limited to, any person or entity prohibited
by the u.s. office of foreign assets control; or for any restricted end-use.

15.5 **modifcations.** â twitter may update or modify the twitter policies,
analytics data display requirements (attached asâ _exhibit a-2_ ), the
âtwitter official partnerâ program-related terms and conditions (attached
asâ _exhibit c_ ) and any other technical documentation and any other
guidelines or policies related to the twitter materials from time to time, at
twitterâs sole discretion, by posting the changes, as applicable, on
twitterâs developer site, located at:â
[https://developer.twitter.com/en](/en.html)â (as may be amended from time to
time), the url where the applicable twitter policy is posted or by otherwise
notifying company (such notice may be via email). if any change is
unacceptable to company, companyâs only recourse is to cease all use of the
twitter materials and twitter marks.

15.6 **notices.** â any notice required or permitted by this agreement shall
be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given as
indicated: (a) by personal delivery when delivered personally; (b) by
overnight courier upon written verification of receipt; (c) by certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt; or
(d) by electronic mail when the recipient acknowledges having received the
applicable email. notice shall be sent to the addresses set forth below or
such other address as either party may specify in writing. notices for breach
sent by company to twitter must be sent by via overnight courier or certified
or registered mail only. notices to company will be sent to the company
address on record with twitter. notices to twitter, inc. will be delivered to:
twitter, inc., 1355 market street, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103, attn:
general counsel, with a compulsory copy to: head of ads api and
legalnotices@twitter.com. notices to twitter international company will be
delivered to: legal department, twitter international company, one cumberland
place, fenian street, dublin 2, d02 ax07, ireland.

15.7 **assignment.** â company may not assign this agreement or any of the
rights or obligations granted hereunder, in whole or in part, to any third
party, whether voluntarily, involuntarily and/or by operation of law
(including, without limitation, in connection with a merger, acquisition, or
sale of assets, whether company is the surviving or disappearing entity),
except with the express written consent of twitter, and any attempted
assignment in violation of this paragraph is null and void, and twitter may
immediately terminate this agreement. this agreement will bind and inure to
the benefit of each partyâs permitted successors and assigns.

15.8 **no subcontractors.** â company may not use a third party to perform or
fulfill any of companyâs obligations or duties under this agreement, unless
approved in advance by twitter in writing, which approval may be provided by
email.

15.9 **no partnership.** â this agreement does not create or imply any
partnership, agency or joint venture. no waiver by either party of any
covenant or right under this agreement will be effective unless memorialized
in a writing duly authorized by such party.

15.10 **no third-party beneficiaries.** â there shall be no third-party
beneficiaries to this agreement.

15.11 **severability.** â if any part of this agreement is determined to be
invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision
will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining
provisions of this agreement will remain in full force and effect.

15.12 **waiver.** â the waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of
this agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a
waiver of any other or subsequent breach by that party. no waiver by twitter
of any covenant or right under this agreement will be effective unless
memorialized in a writing duly authorized by twitter.

15.13 **governing law and jurisdiction.** â if twitter, inc. is the
contracting entity hereunder, the terms of the agreement and any dispute
relating thereto or between company and twitter will be governed by the laws
of the state of california, without regard to conflict/choice of law
principles. the united nations convention on contracts for the international
sale of goods does not apply to the agreement. if a dispute, claim on
controversy arising out of or relating to this agreement or the breach,
termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the
determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate
arises, company agrees to provide twitter with notice of the dispute, and to
provide a ten (10) business day resolution period in which twitter and company
may attempt to work out the dispute informally. if, after the ten (10)
business day resolution period, twitter and company cannot resolve the
dispute, company agrees to bring any dispute or claim arising out of this
agreement in binding arbitration before a single, mutually agreed upon
arbitrator. company and twitter hereby expressly waive trial by jury. the
arbitration shall be administered by jams pursuant to its expedited rules for
arbitration. company may bring claims only on its own behalf, and unless
company and twitter both agree, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than
one personâs claims. in a dispute involving u.s. $25,000 or less, the
arbitrator will hold a telephonic hearing, unless the arbitrator determines
that good cause exists to justify an in-person hearing. any in-person hearing
will take place in san francisco, california. judgment on any award may be
entered in any court having jurisdiction. as an alternative to arbitration,
company may bring its claim in its local âsmall claimsâ court if permitted
by that small claims courtâs rules. for any small claims court or
arbitration dispute, company and twitter both agree that any claim or dispute
covered by this agreement must be filed within one year from the first point
at which the dispute could be filed.

if twitter international company is the contracting entity hereunder, the
terms of the agreement and any dispute relating thereto or between company and
twitter will be governed by the laws of ireland, without regard to
conflict/choice of law principles. the parties agree that neither the united
nations convention on contracts for the international sale of goods, nor the
uniform computer information transaction act (ucita) shall apply to this
agreement, regardless of the states in which the parties do business or are
incorporated. any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to
this agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or
validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of
this agreement to arbitrate, shall be determined by arbitration in dublin,
ireland before a single arbitrator. the arbitration shall be administered by
the rules of arbitration of the international chamber of commerce (icc).
judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. company
and twitter hereby expressly waive trial by jury. company may bring claims
only on its own behalf, and unless twitter agrees, the arbitrator may not
consolidate more than one partyâs claims.

15.14 **injunctive relief.** â each party agrees that money damages would be
an inadequate remedy in the event of a breach or threatened breach of the
provisions in this agreement protecting twitterâs intellectual property
(including, without limitation, the twitter materials) and/or twitterâs
confidential information, and that, in the event of such a breach or threat,
twitter, in addition to any other remedies to which twitter is entitled, is
entitled to such preliminary or injunctive relief (including an order
prohibiting the other party from taking actions in breach of such provisions),
without the need for posting bond, and specific performance as may be
appropriate to preserve all of twitterâs rights.

15.15 **updates.** â twitter may update the terms of this agreement and any
policies referenced herein from time-to-time, at its sole discretion, and will
provide email notice to company or posting notice to the url identified below.
such notice will indicate the effective date of any such updates. the terms of
this agreement will be available for company to view at any time at
[https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/ads-api-
agreement](/en/developer-terms/ads-api-agreement). companyâs continued use
of any individual product(s) after the effective date provided in the
applicable notice will indicate companyâs acceptance of such updates.

15.16 **entire agreement.** â this agreement (including the exhibits attached
hereto) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to this
subject matter hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous
proposals, understandings, communications and agreements, oral or written,
concerning such subject matter. any amendments to this agreement shall be made
in writing and signed by a representative of the respective parties authorized
to bind the parties.

_**exhibit a: individual product terms/twitter ads api**_

capitalized terms not defined in these individual product terms have the
meaning set forth in the main body of the agreement. to the extent that
company participates in the âtwitter ads api program,â the following terms
and conditions of thisâ _exhibit a_ â (includingâ _exhibit a-1_ â andâ
_exhibit a-2_ ) will apply:

1\. **twitter ads api introduction; access levels.**

1.1 **introduction.** â the twitter advertising application programming
interface (api), and the accompanying documentation, code and related
materials (collectively, the â **twitter ads apiâ** ) that provides
company with âread/writeâ access that allows company to engage in campaign
management of twitter ads and/or with âreadâ access to certain reporting
of data about the performance of twitter ads campaigns.

1.2 **classification status; api access level.** â twitter will (in its sole
and absolute discretion) decide if and whether to: (i) approve companyâs
application for a specific classification status (i.e., âdeveloperâ or
âstandardâ) and (ii) grant company âreadâ or âread/writeâ twitter
ads api access (such permitted access level referred to as the â **api
access level** â).

2\. **ads api license.** â the license in this section will apply to all
classification statuses (i.e., âdeveloperâ and âstandardâ) and api
access levels. on condition that twitter approves companyâs application for
the applicable classification status, and subject to companyâs continuing
compliance with terms and conditions of the agreement, twitter grants company
a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable
license during the term to: (a) use the twitter ads api in accordance with the
applicable api access level granted by twitter to company to implement the
company service for the purpose of providing a clientâs end users with
access to data related to such clientâs twitter ads campaigns (and, if
company has âread/writeâ api access level, to enable campaign management
of twitter ads through the company service); (b) display the data in
aggregated format solely within the company service in accordance with the
analytics data display requirements (defined below in section 3 of thisâ
_exhibit a_ ) to a clientâs end users solely for the purpose of optimizing
such clientâs twitter ads campaigns; (c) modify the data only as necessary
to format it for, and display it, within the company service; (d) enable the
company service to export data only in a format that twitter has approved in
writing and that complies with the analytics data display requirements and via
an export mechanism that is approved by twitter in writing; and (e) use and
display the twitter marks that twitter makes available for use in connection
with the twitter ads api and/or data solely to attribute twitter as the source
of the data or as otherwise expressly permitted under the agreement (in each
instance, in accordance with the twitter trademark guidelines).

3\. **display requirements, integration and other requirements.** â
companyâs implementation and use of the twitter ads api and data must at all
times comply with: (a) the product requirements attached hereto asâ _exhibit
a-1_ â (â **product requirements** â); (b) the display requirements
attached hereto asâ _exhibit a-2_ â (â **analytics data display
requirements** â); (c) all technical documentation for the twitter ads api
that has been, or will be, provided to company by twitter (including, without
limitation, any endpoint specifications or requirements); (d) any onboarding
processes specified by twitter related to the twitter ads api and data; (e)
the twitter policies; and (f) any other guidelines and policies applicable to
the twitter ads api and data that may be provided to company by twitter.

4\. **compliance.** â company will abide by all instructions provided or
communicated to company by twitter, including, without limitation, the
limitations on access, calls and use of the twitter ads api and any additional
limitations or restrictions related to tokens, rate limits, keys, passwords or
other login credentials to the twitter ads api. any such instructions are
determined by twitter in its sole and absolute discretion. company shall
comply with any twitter request to inspect and access the company service,
including, without limitation, providing twitter with any company service code
related to the implementation of the twitter ads api, to ensure that the
integration of the twitter ads api into, and display of the data within, the
company service complies with the product requirements and analytics data
display requirements, twitter quality controls and/or other terms and
conditions of this agreement. twitter may monitor companyâs use of the
twitter ads api to improve the twitter services.

5\. **control of allocation of twitter ads inventory.** â for clarity, and
without limiting the generality of any other term or condition of this
agreement, nothing in this agreement is meant to represent or imply that
company or the company service will have access, via the twitter ads api, to
any particular inventory or category of twitter ads, and twitter may (in its
sole and absolute discretion) elect from time to time, to limit, without
restriction, the allocation of twitter ads inventory to which company or the
company service has access (e.g., without limitation, due to twitterâs
strategic decisions concerning sales channels, direct vs. non-direct client
relationships, agency relationships, etc.).

6. **control of twitter ads features, api calls and functionality.** â for clarity, and without limiting the generality of any other term or condition of this agreement, nothing in this agreement is meant to represent or imply that company or the company service will have access, via the twitter ads api, to any particular twitter ads feature, api call or functionality, and twitter may (in its sole and absolute discretion) elect from time to time, to limit, without restriction, those twitter ads features, api calls and/or functionalities to which company or the company service has access (for any or no reason).

7\. **geography data.** â company will not (and will not allow others to) use
or access the twitter ads api to aggregate, cache or store place or other
geographic location information contained in any data or otherwise.

8\. **removals.** â when requested by twitter, through the twitter ads api or
otherwise, company will promptly: (a) delete data from the company service
that twitter reports as deleted or expired; (b) change companyâs treatment
of data that twitter reports is subject to changed sharing options; and (c)
modify data on the company service that twitter reports has been modified.
company is responsible for the quality of twitter ads transmitted to the
twitter service by the company service. twitter reserves the right to revoke
access to the twitter ads api and/or, if applicable, remove any specific
twitter ads from the twitter service for any objectionable use by company or
clients.

9\. **updates.** â company acknowledges that twitter may update or modify the
twitter ads api, from time to time, and in twitterâs sole and absolute
discretion (in each instance, an â **update** â). unless otherwise
mutually agreed by twitter and company in advance in writing (email to
suffice), company is required to implement and use the most current version of
the twitter ads api and to make any changes to the company service, at
companyâs sole cost and expense, that are required as a result of such
update no later than thirty (30) days from the date that twitter notifies
company of the update. company will implement all tools (if any) provided by
twitter to enable updates, as applicable. updates may adversely affect the
manner in which the company service accesses or communicates with the twitter
ads api or displays data. companyâs continued access or use of the twitter
ads api following any such update will constitute binding acceptance of the
update.

10\. **support.** â company is responsible for providing all support and
technical assistance to company clients and their end users regarding the use
of the company service (including any issues related to any ads product).
twitter is not obligated to provide support or technical assistance directly
to company or any company clients or any of their end users, and company will
not represent to any company clients or any of their end users that twitter is
available to provide such support.

_**exhibit a-1: product requirements**_

the company service should enable marketers to more efficiently optimize
twitter ads campaigns, take advantage of twitterâs real-time conversation,
and develop twitter ads that improve the user experience.

accordingly, the company service, at all times, will meet the following
requirements (as applicable based on companyâs api access level):

**1\. product pricing. no monetization.** â paid access to the company service
must be priced on a fixed or variable percentage of spend fee structure.
company will not charge clients a premium for access to twitter ads and/or
data through the company service in excess of companyâs standard rates for
the company service.

2\. **transparency.**

2.1 **spend.**

2.1.1 if company has âread/writeâ api access level, then any pricing
reports delivered by company to clients and their end users must clearly state
and itemize (i) the twitter ads spend in twitterâs native metrics (e.g., as
applicable, cpe/cpf) and (ii) the fees charged for use of the company service.
in addition, company must always include cpe or cpf metrics (or other
applicable twitter native metrics) adjacent to last-click attribution metrics
(e.g., cpc) or other reporting metrics (e.g. cpm).

2.1.2 company service will include a self-serve reporting dashboard that will
include the capability for company to report on all metrics provided via the
twitter ads api.

2.2 **data.** â company will: (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain up-to-date data within the company service in connection with the
twitter integration (defined below in section 6.3 of thisâ _exhibit a-1_ ) in
accordance with the then-current analytics data display requirements; and (ii)
clearly disclose to clients and their end users any material delay inherent in
any information regarding clientâs twitter ads campaigns and/or related
analytics data.

3\. **accounts.** â each end user must be given a separate account to access
the company service, including a unique user name and password.

4\. **company service.** â each customized version of the company service for
a specific client (including, without limitation, a white-labeled version of
company service for a specific client) must be approved by twitter in advance
and in writing (email to suffice for such purposes).

5\. **clients and account management.**

5.1 a client must be given the ability to quickly and easily disassociate its
twitter ads campaigns from the company service and regain exclusive, direct
control of its twitter ads account(s).

5.2 only a client and its end users may be allowed to view such clientâs
account data or features via the company service.

6\. **other requirements.**

6.1 any company service functionality that replicates a twitter feature will
utilize twitterâs naming nomenclature and feature names, subject to any
applicable twitter trademark guidelines.

6.2 unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties in advance and in writing,
company will not provide clients and their end users or any other third party
with access to data except for the aggregated derivations of such material
embodied in the user interface of the company service.

6.3 company may not commercialize, market or provide access to any twitter
materials to any third parties (including any clients or their end users)
until the implementation of the twitter ads api and integration and display of
any data within company service (collectively, the âtwitter integrationâ)
has been approved in advance by twitter via the process described in this
section. company will give twitter access to the company service so that
twitter can review the twitter integration. twitter will inform company in
writing (email being sufficient) if the twitter integration is approved or
rejected (in twitterâs sole discretion). throughout the term, company will
submit to twitter any changes to the company service that affect the twitter
integration, which twitter shall have the right to approve or reject in
writing (email being sufficient), in twitterâs sole discretion.

_**exhibit a-2: analytics data display requirements**_

these analytics data display requirements govern how company can display data
within the company service. company agrees to abide by these analytics data
display requirements at all times.â

_**defined metrics**_

all campaigns shown in the company service that display data must include the
specific twitter-defined metrics associated with various campaign objectives
(each, a âcampaign objectiveâ), which metrics must be calculated by
company based on the endpoints and formulas located at:â â
[https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-ads-
api/analytics/overview/metrics-by-objective](/en/docs/twitter-ads-
api/analytics/overview/metrics-by-objective)â (or any other successor url that
twitter may elect from time to time).â

_**display guidelines**_

1\. the applicable defined metrics for a given campaign objective (as
described above in the defined metrics section of thisâ _exhibit a-2_ ) must
be shown every time a campaign is displayed within the company service.

2\. if the company service displays any organic tweet analytics data, company
must comply with the twitter developer agreement & policy located at:â
[https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement-and-
policy](/en/developer-terms/agreement-and-policy)â as it relates to
companyâs implementation, use and display of the organic tweet analytics
data.

3\. if the company service displays metrics about campaigns run on third party
networks or by third party publishers (i.e., âcross-channel metricsâ)
side-by-side with data, then the following requirements and restrictions
apply:

3.1 any cross-channel metrics displayed alongside the data in the company
service can only include the same category of campaign objective metrics as
the applicable twitter-defined campaign objective metrics for such campaign
(as described above in the defined metrics section of thisâ _exhibit a-2_ ).

by way of example only - if an advertiser is running an app install campaign
on a third-party network, only cross-channel metrics that are of the same
category as the applicable twitter-defined metrics for the app install
campaign objective can be shown alongside the data.

3.2 aggregating data to display cross-channel metrics is not permitted unless
the aggregated metrics can be referenced (across all third-party
networks/publishers) against a category of metrics associated with a campaign
objective that is the same to the applicable twitter-defined campaign
objective metrics (as described above in the defined metrics section of thisâ
_exhibit a-2_ ). by way of example only - aggregating total engagements for
network a, network b, and network c would not be permitted if engagement rates
across all channels are not calculated using the same formulas.

4\. if the company service displays any category of metrics sourced from third
parties other than twitter (âthird-party-sourced metricsâ), then the
following requirements and restrictions apply:

4.1 the same requirements and restrictions that apply to displaying cross-
channel metrics set forth above in section 3 apply to the display of any
third-party-sourced metrics.

4.2. any third-party-sourced metrics that are displayed alongside data for a
campaign in the company service must be the same category of campaign
objective metrics as the applicable twitter-defined campaign objective metrics
for such campaign (as described above in the defined metrics section of thisâ
_exhibit a-2_ ). by way of example only:â  
\- if company displays link click and click-rate metrics from a third-party
source, company will display twitterâs click and click-rate metrics
alongside the third-party-sourced link click and click rate metrics.â  
\- if company or any of its clients uses a third-party tracking solution to
track website clicks from promoted tweets and such data is displayed in the
company service, company must show link clicks, click rate, cost per link
click and cpa from twitter (if available) alongside such third-party-sourced
data.

4.3 notwithstanding section 4.2 of this exhibit a-2, if the third-party-
sourced metrics are from a third-party tracking solution provided by a twitter
conversion tracking partner (as defined below), then twitter requires that
only the data delivered through the twitter ads api (and not any corresponding
data delivered by the twitter conversion tracking partner) is displayed in the
company service, unless otherwise agreed by twitter in writing in advance (in
each instance). for the avoidance of doubt, company will not display any data
sourced from a twitter conversion tracking partner alongside, or in place of,
any data delivered through the twitter ads api. as used in thisâ _exhibit a-2_
, âtwitter conversion tracking partnerâ means an authorized twitter
conversion tracking partner (as designated by twitter, in its sole and
absolute discretion).

_**exhibit b: individual product terms/tailored audiences**_

capitalized terms not defined in these individual product terms have the
meaning set forth in the main body of the agreement. to the extent that
company uses or accesses the twitter tailored audiences program the following
terms and conditions of thisâ _exhibit b_ â will apply:

1\. **tailored audiences.**

1.1 **introduction.** â the twitter tailored audiences program allows for the
import and creation of specific segments of users (each a â **tailored
audience** â) for the targeting of advertising campaigns on the twitter
service. the parties acknowledge that in order to utilize twitterâs tailored
audiences program, company, its client, or a third party service provided
approved by twitter (â **data partner** â) is required to provide twitter
with a hashed set of users or devices (which many include email, cookies,
devise ids, tracking pixels, etc.) in order for twitter to complete a match
with twitter users and create tailored audiences. the tailored audiences
created on behalf of a specific client(s) will be stored in each such
clientâs twitter ads account for use by company or client to target, or
retarget, as applicable, advertising on the twitter service.

1.2 **data usage and opt-out.** â with respect to any data used in connection
with the tailored audiences program, in addition to the obligations set out in
the data protection addendum found atâ <https://gdpr.twitter.com/en/dpa.html>,
company agrees and, if applicable, will ensure that its data partner(s) agree
that (i) company or such data partner (as applicable) have secured all
necessary rights, consents, waivers and licenses for use of such data, and
(ii) that company or such data partner (as applicable) have provided any users
from whom the data is collected with legally-sufficient notice that fully
discloses the collection, use, and sharing of the data company provides to
twitter for purposes of serving ads targeting to usersâ interests, and
legally sufficient instructions on how users can opt out of twitterâs
interest-based advertising through the methods described here
(<https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405>). data company uses in
connection with the tailored audiences program and/or to create a tailored
audience will not include any data from any user who has opted out of having
his/her data used by company, its data partner, or any third party on
companyâs behalf. if company receives a user opt-out after such user was
included in an audience provided to twitter, company must promptly, but no
less frequently than once every twenty-four (24) hours, remove such user(s)
from any tailored audience in which such user was included. company will
provide the data in a format selected by twitter and acceptable to data
partner (if/as applicable). in addition to the terms and conditions of this
agreement, companyâs use of the tailored audiences program will be subject
to the terms of the twitter master services agreement and tailored audiences
program t&cs and applicable policies, including twitterâs policies for
conversion tracking and tailored audiences, atâ
<https://support.twitter.com/articles/20171365>.

1.3 **program deliverables.** â companyâs access to, and use of, the twitter
tailored audience program is subject to its compliance with the technical
instructions and program policies provided by twitter to company (the â
**program integration spec** â). company and twitter will mutually agree on
a process for company to import or upload tailored audiences to twitter.

2\. **shareable audiences.â** notwithstanding anything to the contrary set
forth in section 1.1 hereinabove, as a service to company, at companyâs
request and in companyâs sole discretion, twitter may allow company to
âshareâ tailored audiences created for company amongst grouped twitter
advertiser accounts and/or twitter @handles and/or otherwise with third
parties on the twitter service. as used herein, âsharingâ an audience
means that company would instruct twitter to, without limitation, enable
grouped twitter advertiser accounts and/or twitter @handles and/or third
parties to access, use, and target advertising campaigns against the
âsharedâ tailored audience. company represents and warrants that it has
all necessary rights and authority to share any such audience data in
accordance with the instructions given to twitter by company. if company is
providing the audience data, and/or managing the tailored audiences on behalf
of a third party (including, without limitation, a client), company represents
and warrants that company has the authority as agent for such party to use any
such data on the third partyâs behalf, to grant twitter the rights described
herein, and to bind such third party to the terms of this agreement.
notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this section requires twitter to
make the functionality that enables âsharingâ tailored audiences described
herein (or any portion thereof) available at any time to company or any other
third party (including, without limitation, any client).

_**exhibit c: individual product terms/twitter official partner (top)
program**_

capitalized terms not defined in these individual product terms have the
meaning set forth in the main body of the agreement. to the extent that
company participates in the âtwitter official partner (â **top** â)â
program, the following terms and conditions of thisâ _exhibit c_ â (includingâ
_exhibit c-1_ ) will apply:

1\. **twitter official partner program.** â if twitter approves companyâs
application for âstandardâ classification status, and company maintains
such classification status throughout the term, twitter may, at any time,
choose, in twitterâs sole and absolute discretion, to qualify company as
part of the top program (or any other successor program name that twitter may
select from time to time). for clarity, twitter is not required to select
company to participate in the top program, regardless of whether company has
achieved or maintains âstandardâ classification status. furthermore,
twitter may, at any time, choose, in twitterâs sole and absolute discretion,
to terminate or suspend companyâs participation in the top program for any
reason upon notice to company, in which case, companyâs eligibility to
receive any benefits associated with participating in the top program will
immediately cease (without any additional notice from twitter). in addition to
the twitter trademark guidelines that govern companyâs use of any twitter
marks, company must also comply with the terms and conditions set forth inâ
_exhibit c-1_ â that govern use of badges (as defined inâ _exhibit c-1_ )
provided by twitter in connection with participation in the top program. all
badges (as defined inâ _exhibit c-1_ ) are deemed twitter marks under the
agreement.

2\. **no use of badges outside of top program.** â for the avoidance of doubt,
if company is not currently qualified by twitter (in its sole and absolute
discretion) as a member of the top program, (i) company is not eligible to
receive any benefits associated with participating in the top program,
including, without limitation, use of any badges (as defined inâ _exhibit c-1_
) and (ii) company is prohibited from suggesting it participates in, or has
any affiliation with, the top program.

_**exhibit c-1: twitter official partner program terms**_

the twitter official partner program terms set forth below, including, without
limitation, any linked terms and conditions appearing or referenced below,
which are hereby incorporated by reference (collectively, â **top partner
terms** â), govern participation in the âtwitter official partnerâ
program. to the extent that company is qualified by twitter, in its sole and
absolute discretion, to participate in the âtwitter official partnerâ
program, company agrees to abide by the terms and conditions of the top
program terms at all times during companyâs participation in the âtwitter
official partnerâ program. these top program terms are subject to, and
governed by, the agreement. any capitalized terms used in thisâ _exhibit c-1_
â and not otherwise defined in the top partner program terms shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in the agreement.

1\. **top program.** â upon twitterâs notification to company that twitter
has qualified company as a âtwitter official partner,â partner will be a
member of the âtwitter official partnerâ program, as described atâ
[partners.twitter.com](https://partners.twitter.com/)â (the â **top
program** â) and will be given access to the top program badge(s) and any
other associated marks that twitter makes available in connection with the top
program (collectively, the â **badges** â), use of which is subject to the
terms and conditions of this agreement.

2\. **license from twitter.** â subject to the terms and conditions of these
top program terms, and conditioned upon companyâs continuing compliance with
this agreement, twitter hereby grants company, and company accepts, a non-
exclusive, royalty free, non-transferrable, non-sub-licensable, revocable
license to copy and display the badges solely with, and to promote,
companyâs qualification as a âtwitter official partnerâ in the top
program.

3\. **restrictions.** â strict compliance with this agreement is required at
all times, and any use of the badges in violation of this agreement will
automatically terminate any license related to companyâs use of the badges.

3.1 company may not alter the badges in any manner, including, but not limited
to, changing the proportion, color or font of the badges, or adding or
removing any elements to or from the badges.

3.2 company may not use the badges in any manner that implies a false sense of
sponsorship or endorsement by twitter.

3.3 company may not use the badges to disparage twitter, its products or
services, or in a manner which, in twitterâs sole discretion, may diminish
or tarnish twitterâs goodwill in the badges.

3.4 company may not use the badges to refer to any other product or service
other than twitterâs or companyâs products and/or services related to
companyâs participation in the top program.

3.5 the badges must appear by themselves, with reasonable spacing between each
side of the marks, and other visual, graphic or textual elements.

3.6 the badges should not be presented or placed in any way that interferes
with the readability or display of the entirety of the badges.

3.7 company must link all badges toâ
[partners.twitter.com](https://partners.twitter.com/)â (or any other successor
url that twitter may elect from time to time) or otherwise display the
following attribution on any materials that display the badges: âthe
âtwitter official partnerâ program badge, twitter and the bird logo are
trademarks of twitter, inc. or its affiliates.â

4\. **program requirements.** â use of the badges are further subject to, and
governed by, at all times, without limitation, the twitter trademark
guidelines and any other requirements communicated by twitter to company in
connection with participation in the top program (collectively, the â **top
program requirements** â). company agrees to the top program requirements,
which are hereby incorporated by reference and are available in hardcopy upon
request to twitter. the top program requirements do not expand or extend the
license to the badges granted herein. company may use the badges solely for
the purpose expressly authorized by twitter, and companyâs use must comply
with the most up-to-date version of (i) these top program terms, and (ii) the
top program requirements. to the extent that there is any conflict or
inconsistency between these top program terms and the top program
requirements, these top program terms shall control.

5\. **license to twitter.** â company hereby grants twitter a fully paid up,
non-exclusive, worldwide, sub-licensable license to: (i) use and display
companyâs trademarks for use in connection with the top program, (ii) use
companyâs product(s) and/or service(s) related to the top program for
twitterâs non-commercial, internal evaluation, testing and auditing, (iii)
develop and publish case studies or other materials that allow twitter to
highlight companyâs qualification as a âtwitter official partnerâ in the
top program (including, without limitation, companyâs product(s) and/or
service(s) related to the top program), and (iv) produce marketing materials
in connection with the top program related to companyâs qualification as a
âtwitter official partnerâ in the top program (including, without
limitation, companyâs product(s) and/or service(s) related to the top
program).

6\. **program qualification.**

6.1 **program qualification.** â twitter reserves the right, from time to
time, to review companyâs membership in the top program, and, in twitterâs
sole and absolute discretion, to re-qualify or de-qualify company from any
given competency and/or the top program as a whole.

6.2 **changes to companyâs products or services.** â in the event that
company plans to make any material change to companyâs product(s) and/or
service(s) related to the top program, company will provide twitter with at
least thirty (30) calendar days to review companyâs updated products or
services prior to release of such change to determine whether they continue to
qualify for the top program. updated products or services must be re-qualified
by twitter before any further use of the badges. twitter will use commercially
reasonable efforts to respond to companyâs request for qualification in new
competencies. if company merges, is acquired or otherwise undergo a change of
control, in whole or in part, by any third party, whether voluntarily or
involuntarily, and/or by operation of law (including, without limitation, in
connection with a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, whether the
assigning party is the surviving or disappearing entity), company must submit
all of companyâs products and/or services related to the top program to
twitter for re-qualification before any further use of the badges.

7\. **suspension and termination.** â twitter may immediately terminate or
suspend these top program terms, any rights granted to company herein, and/or
companyâs participation in the top program, at its sole discretion at any
time, for any reason by providing notice to company. company may terminate
companyâs participation in the top program by providing ninety (90) calendar
daysâ notice to twitter. upon termination of these top program terms and/or
termination of companyâs participation in the top program, all licenses
granted herein immediately expire, and company must cease use of all badges.
neither party will be liable to the other for any damages resulting solely
from termination of these top program terms as permitted under this agreement.

8\. **modifications.** â twitter reserves the rights, exercisable at its sole
discretion, to modify the terms and conditions of these top program terms
and/or the badges at any time and to take appropriate action against any
unauthorized or non-conforming use of the badges. if company has any questions
about usage of the badges, please contact trademarks@twitter.com for
assistance, or write to us at: twitter, inc., attention: trademarks, 1355
market street, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103.

[ developer agreement, policy & terms ](/en/more/developer-terms.html
"developer agreement, policy & terms")

[ follow @twitterdev ](http://twitter.com/twitterdev "follow @twitterdev")

[ subscribe to developer news ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/twitterdev-
news-subscription)

####  twitter platform

  * [ twitter.com ](https://twitter.com/ "twitter.com")
  * [ status ](https://status.twitterstat.us/ "status")
  * [ card validator ](https://cards-dev.twitter.com/validator "card validator")
  * [ privacy center ](https://privacy.twitter.com/ "privacy center")
  * [ transparency center ](https://transparency.twitter.com/ "transparency center")

####  twitter, inc.

  * [ about the company ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/our-company.html "about the company")
  * [ twitter for good ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/twitter-for-good.html "twitter for good")
  * [ company news ](https://blog.twitter.com/ "company news")
  * [ brand toolkit ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/brand-toolkit.html "brand toolkit")
  * [ jobs and internships ](https://careers.twitter.com/ "jobs and internships")
  * [ investors ](https://investor.twitterinc.com/ "investors")

####  help

  * [ help center ](https://help.twitter.com/ "help center")
  * [ using twitter ](https://help.twitter.com/en/using-twitter "using twitter")
  * [ twitter media ](https://media.twitter.com/ "twitter media")
  * [ ads help center ](https://business.twitter.com/en/help.html "ads help center")
  * [ managing your account ](https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account "managing your account")
  * [ safety and security ](https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security "safety and security")
  * [ rules and policies ](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies "rules and policies")
  * [ contact us ](https://help.twitter.com/contact-us "contact us")

####  developer resources

  * [ developer home ](https://developer.twitter.com/en "developer home")
  * [ documentation ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs "documentation")
  * [ forums ](https://twittercommunity.com/ "forums")
  * [ communities ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/community "communities")
  * [ developer blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/developer/ "developer blog")
  * [ engineering blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/engineering/en_us.html "engineering blog")
  * [ developer terms ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/more/developer-terms "developer terms")

####  business resources

  * [ advertise ](https://business.twitter.com/en/advertising.html "advertise")
  * [ twitter for business ](https://business.twitter.com/ "twitter for business")
  * [ resources and guides ](https://business.twitter.com/en/resources.html "resources and guides")
  * [ twitter for marketers ](https://marketing.twitter.com/ "twitter for marketers")
  * [ marketing insights ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/insights "marketing insights")
  * [ brand inspiration ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/success-stories "brand inspiration")
  * [ twitter data ](https://data.twitter.com/ "twitter data")
  * [ twitter flight school ](https://www.twitterflightschool.com/sl/382652bc "twitter flight school")

(c) 2021 twitter, inc.

[ cookies ](https://help.twitter.com/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
"cookies")

[ privacy ](https://twitter.com/privacy "privacy")

[ terms and conditions ](https://twitter.com/tos "terms and conditions")

language

  * [ developer ](/en/developer-terms/ads-api-agreement)

by using twitterâs services you agree to our [cookies
use](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies). we use
cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.

  * ok

this page and certain other twitter sites place and read third party cookies
on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting
of ads. through these cookies,
_[google](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)_ ,
_[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy)_ and
_[demandbase](https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/)_ collect personal
data about you for their own purposes.  _[learn
more](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies)_.  
  

  * accept
  * decline

