devâ·elâ·opâ·ers /déªëvélépérz/

#  individuals or organizations â¨that are writing code to learn from the
public conversation, contribute to it, or to improve the twitter experience.

##  let's get started

  * twitter + developers 
  * using this policy 



  * twitter + developers 
  * using this policy 



##### twitter + developersâ  

twitter loves developers. weâre delighted and amazed by the tools and
services this community creates by harnessing the power of twitter data. as
part of our commitment to this community, we aim to provide data access that
is open and fair for developers, safe for people on twitter, and beneficial
for the twitter platform as a whole. to further these goals weâve crafted
the developer policy as a guide to help people understand our rules and
expectations about appropriate api and twitter content usage.

this developer policy (âpolicyâ) provides rules and guidelines for
developers who interact with twitterâs ecosystem of applications, services,
website, web pages and content. it is part of your contract with twitter
governing access to and use of the twitter api and twitter content (either as
part of the developer agreement or other written agreement with twitter).
policy violations are considered violations of your agreement. this policy may
be changed from time to time without notice. capitalized terms used in this
policy, which are not defined in this policy, will have the respective
meanings ascribed to them in the [developer
agreement](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement) or the
master license agreement.



##### using this policy  

weâve structured this policy to make it as easy to follow as possible.
please keep information from the following policy sections top of mind as you
use the twitter api and twitter content:

  1. **set yourself up for success** -â you are responsible for complying with all twitter policies. itâs important that you review and understand this policy, as well as the policies we link to in this document, before you access the twitter api and twitter content. the time spent reviewing our policies may save you hours of rework down the road.
  2. **privacy and control are essential** \- protecting and defending the privacy of people on twitter is built into the core dna of our company. as such, we prohibit the use of twitter data in any way that would be inconsistent with peopleâs reasonable expectations of privacy. by building on the twitter api or accessing twitter content, you have a special role to play in safeguarding this commitment, most importantly by respecting peopleâs privacy and providing them with transparency and control over how their data is used.
  3. **follow the platform usage guidelines** \- getting approved to access the twitter api and twitter content is just the first step. our platform usage guidelines should be your first stop anytime you have questions about how to ensure policy compliance for your planned use of the twitter platform.

weâve provided a lot more detail on what each of these three key sections
mean below. please review them carefully to ensure that your usage of the
twitter api and twitter content is consistent with our policies.â

if we believe you are in violation of this policy (or any other twitter
policy), we may suspend or permanently revoke your access to the twitter api
and twitter content. if this happens to you, do not apply for or register
additional api keys. instead, contact us via the [api policy support
form](https://help.twitter.com/forms/platform).â â

finally, please note that twitter may monitor your use of the twitter api to
improve the twitter applications, to examine any commercial use, and to ensure
your compliance with your approved use case and this policy.

thanks for reading, and thank you for building with us! we look forward to
seeing what you create!

chapter 1:

#  set yourself up for success

  * set yourself up for success 



  * set yourself up for success 



##### set yourself up for success

you can avoid many potential pitfalls while using the twitter api by ensuring
that your service has been built the right way from day 1. this section of the
developer policy contains rules that all developers must follow before using
the twitter api or twitter content.

**we review all proposed uses of the twitter developer platform to verify
policy compliance â so youâre required to disclose (and update, as
applicable) your planned use of the twitter api and twitter content in order
to be granted and to maintain access.** all new developers must [apply for a
developer account](https://developer.twitter.com/en/apply-for-access.html) to
access the twitter api. current developers without an approved developer
account must apply for one as directed to do so by twitter. as part of this
process, youâll need to provide us with a written description of your
intended uses of the twitter api and twitter content.

your use case description is binding on you, and any substantive deviation
from it may constitute a violation of our rules and result in enforcement
action. you must notify us of any substantive modification to your use case
and receive approval before you may begin using twitter content for that new
purpose. failure to do so may result in suspension and termination of your api
and data access. you can update your use case by visiting our [api policy
support form](https://help.twitter.com/forms/platform), selecting _i need to
update my developer use case,_ or as otherwise agreed by twitter.

**by building on the twitter api or accessing twitter content, you must comply
with all twitter policies.** these include this [developer
policy](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy), the
[automation rules](https://support.twitter.com/articles/76915-automation-
rules-and-best-practices), the [display
requirements](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/display-
requirements.html), the [api restricted uses
rules](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/more-on-restricted-
use-cases), the [twitter rules](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-
policies/twitter-rules), the [twitter brand
resources](https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html), the
[periscope community guidelines](https://www.periscope.tv/content), and the
[periscope trademark guidelines](https://www.periscope.tv/trademarkpolicy), as
well as any other agreements you enter into with twitter relating to your use
of the twitter api or twitter content, including but not limited to the
[developer agreement](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-
terms/agreement) or a master licensing agreement or order (as applicable). you
must also comply with any modifications to these policies and any new policies
launched by twitter. it is your responsibility to monitor the use of your
service and to design your service to prevent violations of twitter policy by
people who use it. failure to do so may result in suspension or termination of
your api and twitter content access.

**you may not register multiple applications for a single use case or
substantially similar or overlapping use cases.** in this context, a âuse
caseâ is a consistent set of analyses, displays, or actions performed via an
application. please note that providing the same service or application to
different people (including âwhite labelâ versions of a tool or service)
counts as a single use case.

_as a single exception to these rules,_ you may create and use a maximum of 3
applications for development, staging, and production instances of the same
service. these apps must be registered to a single account, and should be
clearly identified (in the name and description) as dev, staging, and prod
instances of a single service. **you may not use development or staging
applications for production purposes.**  

**you must keep all api keys or other access credentials private.** you may
not use, and may not encourage or facilitate others to use, api keys or other
access credentials owned by others.

**your license agreement with twitter limits your use of the twitter api and
twitter content. among other things, the twitter api has rate limits which
help to ensure fair data usage and to combat spam on the platform.** you may
not exceed or circumvent rate limits, or any other limitations or restrictions
described in this policy or your agreement with twitter, listed on the
[developer site](https://developer.twitter.com/), or communicated to you by
twitter.

**you may not remove or alter any proprietary notices or marks on twitter
content received via the twitter api.** this helps to make sure that people
know where twitter content is coming from, and who it belongs to.

**for data integrity and platform health reasons, you may not interfere with,
intercept, disrupt, or disable any features of the twitter api or the twitter
service.** in other words, use the apis as intended and documented on
[developer.twitter.com](https://developer.twitter.com/). refer to our
[hackerone guidelines](https://hackerone.com/twitter) for more details about
acceptable use.

chapter 2:

#  privacy and control are essential

  * privacy and control are essential 
  * consent & permissions 
  * content compliance 
  * off-twitter matching 
  * your privacy policy 
  * using geo-data 
  * twitter passwords 



  * privacy and control are essential 
  * consent & permissions 
  * content compliance 
  * off-twitter matching 
  * your privacy policy 
  * using geo-data 
  * twitter passwords 



##### privacy and control are essential

twitter takes privacy seriously, and we expect everyone using twitter content
and the twitter api to do the same. any use of the twitter developer platform,
twitter api, or twitter content in a manner that is inconsistent with
peoplesâ reasonable expectations of privacy may be subject to enforcement
action, which can include suspension and termination of api and twitter
content access.

your commitment to privacy and control must extend to all uses of twitter
content and all aspects of the service that you build using our api. to that
end, the people using your service must understand and consent to how you use
their data, and how you access twitter on their behalf. this can be
accomplished through providing people with a clear, comprehensive, and
transparent privacy policy, as well as ensuring that you get express and
informed consent from each person using your service before taking any action
on their behalf. **please note that a person authenticating into your service
does not by itself constitute consent.**



##### consent & permissions

**in particular, you must get express and informed consent from people before
doing any of the following:**

  * taking _any_ actions on their behalf. this includes (but is not limited to):â 

    * posting content to twitter

    * following/unfollowing accounts

    * modifying profile or account information

    * starting a periscope broadcast

    * adding hashtags or any other content to tweets  
â

  * republishing content accessed by means other than via the twitter api or other twitter tools

  * using someoneâs twitter content to promote a product or service

  * storing non-public content such as direct messages (dms), or any other private or confidential information

  * sharing or publishing protected content, or any other private or confidential information

**if your service allows people to post content to twitter you must do the
following before publishing:**

  * show exactly what will be published

  * make it clear to people using your service what geo information (if any) will be added to the content

**if your service allows people to post content to both your service and
twitter, you must do the following before publishing:**

  * obtain permission to post the content

  * explain where you will post the content

**you must respect the protected and blocked status of all twitter content.
you may not serve content obtained using one personâs authentication token
to a different person who is not authorized to view that content.**

  * **protected accounts:** a [protected account](https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/public-and-protected-tweets)âs content is only available to people who have been approved by the owner to follow that account. so, if you run a service that accesses protected accounts, you may only do so to serve such content to the specific people with permission to view that content.

  * **blocked accounts:** people on twitter are able to [block](https://help.twitter.com/en/using-twitter/blocking-and-unblocking-accounts) access to their accounts for any reason they choose. commingling information obtained from tokens (or any other api-based action) to bypass this choice is not permitted.

**as direct messages (dms) are non-public in nature, services that provide dm
features must take extra steps to safeguard personal privacy. you may not
serve dm content to people who are not authorized to view that content. if
your service provides dm functionality you must also:**

  * notify people if you send read receipt events for dms. you can do this by providing a notice directly in your service, or by displaying read receipts from other participants in a conversation.
  * get consent before configuring media to be sent in a dm as "shared" (i.e. reusable across multiple dms). if you do allow media in a dm to be âshared,â you must provide a clear notice that this content will be accessible to anyone with the mediaâs url.



##### content compliance

**if you store twitter content offline, you must keep it up to date with the
current state of that content on twitter.** specifically, you must delete or
modify any content you have if it is deleted or modified on twitter. this must
be done as soon as reasonably possible, or within 24 hours after receiving a
request to do so by twitter or the applicable twitter account owner, or as
otherwise required by your agreement with twitter or applicable law. this must
be done unless otherwise prohibited by law, and only then with the express
written permission of twitter.

modified content can take various forms. this includes (but is not limited
to):â

  * content that has been made private or gained protected status  

  * content that has been suspended from the platform

  * content that has had geotags removed from it

  * content that has been withheld or removed from twitter



##### off-twitter matching

**we limit the circumstances under which you may match a person on twitter to
information obtained or stored off-twitter.** â off-twitter matching involves
associating twitter content, including a twitter @handle or user id, with a
person, household, device, browser, or other off-twitter identifier. you may
only do this if you have express opt-in consent from the person before making
the association, or as described below.

in situations in which you donât have a personâs express, opt-in consent
to link their twitter identity to an off-twitter identifier, we require that
any connection you draw be based only on information that someone would
reasonably expect to be used for that purpose. in addition, absent a
personâs express opt-in consent you may only attempt to match your records
about someone to a twitter identity based on:

  * **information provided directly to you by the person.â** note that records about individuals with whom you have no prior relationship, including data about individuals obtained from third parties, do not meet this standard; and/or

  * **public data.** âpublic dataâ in this context refers to:

    * information about a person that you obtained from a public, generally-available resource (such as a directory of members of a professional association)

    * information on twitter about a person that is publicly available, including:

      * tweets

      * profile information, including an account bio and publicly-stated location

      * display name and @handle



##### your privacy policy

**you must display your serviceâs privacy policy to people before they are
permitted to download, install, or sign up to your service.** it must disclose
at least the following information:

  * the information that you collect from people who use your service

  * how you use and share that information (including with twitter)

  * how people can contact you with inquiries and requests regarding their information

your privacy policy must be consistent with all applicable laws, and be no
less protective of people than [twitterâs privacy
policy](https://twitter.com/privacy) and the [privacy policy of our other
services and corporate affiliates](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-
policies/twitter-services-and-corporate-affiliates). you must cease your
access to the twitter api and the use of all twitter content if you are unable
to comply with your and/or twitterâs privacy policy.



##### using geo-data

**use of geo data comes with additional restrictions due to the sensitive
nature of this information.** if your service adds location information to
tweets or periscope broadcasts, you must disclose to people:

  * when you add location information

  * whether you add location information as a geotag or annotations data

  * whether your location information is listed as a place, or as geographic coordinates

if your application allows people to tweet with their location you must comply
with twitterâs [geo guidelines](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-
terms/geo-guidelines) in full.â

**any use of location data or geographic information on a standalone basis is
prohibited.** you may not (and may not permit others to) store, aggregate, or
cache location data and other geographic information contained in twitter
content, except as part of a tweet or periscope broadcast. for example, you
may not separate location data or geographic information out from tweets to
show where individuals have been over time. heat maps and related tools that
show aggregated geo activity (e.g.: the number of people in a city using a
hashtag) are permitted.



##### twitter passwords

**you may not store twitter passwords, or request that people provide their
twitter password, account credentials, or developer application information
(including consumer key) to you directly.** we suggest the use of [sign-in
with twitter](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/log-
in-with-twitter/login-in-with-twitter.html) as the authentication tool to link
your service and people on twitter.

chapter 3:

#  platform usage guidelines

  * platform usage guidelines 
  * spam, bots, and automation 
  * twitter performance benchmarking 
  * public display of tweets 
  * content redistribution 
  * replicating the twitter experience 
  * pay to engage 
  * service authenticy 
  * twitter name, logo, and likeness 
  * advertising on twitter 



  * platform usage guidelines 
  * spam, bots, and automation 
  * twitter performance benchmarking 
  * public display of tweets 
  * content redistribution 
  * replicating the twitter experience 
  * pay to engage 
  * service authenticy 
  * twitter name, logo, and likeness 
  * advertising on twitter 



##### platform usage guidelines

have you taken care to review twitterâs policies and set up your api access
the right way? does your service follow twitterâs privacy and control
guidelines? if you can answer yes to these two questions, then you are ready
to start using the twitter api and twitter content. twitterâs platform usage
guidelines provide the assistance needed to ensure that your use of twitter
content is compliant from day 1 throughout the lifecycle of your service. we
suggest reviewing these rules on a regular basis to make sure that your
integration is operating in a way that is safe and beneficial to people on
twitter and the twitter platform as a whole.



##### spam, bots, and automation

**the use of the twitter api and developer products to create spam, or engage
in any form of platform manipulation, is prohibited.** you should review the
twitter rules on [platform manipulation and
spam](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/platform-manipulation),
and ensure that your service does not, and does not enable people to, violate
our policies.

**services that perform write actions, including posting tweets, following
accounts, or sending direct messages, must follow the[automation
rules](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-automation).**
in particular, you should:â

  * always get explicit consent before sending people [automated replies or direct messages](https://twittercommunity.com/t/policy-clarification-automated-replies-and-mentions/94444)

  * immediately respect requests to opt-out of being contacted by you

  * never perform bulk, aggressive, or spammy actions, including [bulk following](https://twittercommunity.com/t/policy-clarification-aggressive-following-and-inorganic-following-behavior/92769)

  * never post identical or substantially similar content across [multiple accounts](https://blog.twitter.com/developer/en_us/topics/tips/2018/automation-and-the-use-of-multiple-accounts.html)

**if youâre operating an api-based bot account you must clearly indicate
what the account is and who is responsible for it.** â you should never
mislead or confuse people about whether your account is or is not a bot. a
good way to do this is by including a statement that the account is a bot in
the profile bio.



##### twitter performance benchmarking

**you may not use the twitter api to measure the availability, performance,
functionality, or usage of twitter for benchmarking, competitive, or
commercial purposes.** for example, you should never use the twitter api to:

  * calculate aggregate twitter metrics, such as the total number of monthly actives (mas) or daily actives (das)

  * calculate aggregate periscope metrics, such as total number of broadcast views

  * calculate aggregate twitter tweet metrics, such as the total number of tweets posted per day, or the number of account engagements

  * measure or analyze the responsiveness of twitter

  * measure or analyze spam or security on twitter, except as permitted below

**we support research that helps improve conversational health on twitter.**
you may use the twitter api and twitter content to measure and analyze topics
like spam, abuse, or other platform health-related topics for non-commercial
research purposes. you may not develop, create, or offer commercial services
using the twitter api or twitter content that measure, analyze, or attempt to
identify behaviors or content which violate twitter policies without express
written permission from twitter.

if you have questions about whether your use case qualifies as non-commercial
research for this purpose please submit a request via the [api policy support
form](https://help.twitter.com/forms/platform).



##### public display of tweets

**you must maintain the integrity of all twitter content that you display
publicly or to people who use your service.** if you donât use [twitter for
websites](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/overview)
to display content, then you must use the twitter api to retrieve the most
current version available for display. if displayed content ceases to be
available through the twitter api, then you must remove it from your service
as soon as reasonably possible, or within 24 hours after the receipt of a
removal request from twitter, or the applicable twitter account owner, or as
otherwise required by applicable law.

**there are specific rules you must follow if you display twitter content
offline.** â follow the
[guidelines](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/display-
requirements.html) for using tweets in broadcast if you display tweets
offline. follow the [guidelines](https://www.periscope.tv/trademarkpolicy) for
using periscope broadcasts if you display periscope broadcasts offline.

**if you embed or display tweets, you must contact us about your twitter api
access if your site exceeds 10 million daily impressions.** twitter reserves
the right to require additional terms as a condition to your use of the
twitter api.â additional restrictions on twitter for websites developer use
include:

  * **embedded tweets and/or embedded timelines**  
  

    * you must provide people with legally sufficient notice that fully discloses twitterâs collection and use of data about browsing activities on your website, including for interest-based advertising and personalization. you must also obtain legally sufficient consent from people for such collection and use  

    * you must provide legally sufficient instructions on how people can opt out of twitterâs interest-based advertising and personalization as described [here](https://help.twitter.com/en/twitter-for-websites-ads-info-and-privacy)  
â

  * **twitter for websites widgets**  
  

    * you must ensure that people are provided with clear and comprehensive information about, and consent to, the storing and accessing of cookies or other information on their devices as described in twitterâs [cookie use](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies), where providing such information and obtaining such consent is required by law  
â

  * **services targeted to children under 13**  
  

    * services targeted to children under 13 must opt out of tailoring twitter in any embedded tweet and/or embedded timelines by setting the opt-out parameter to be âtrueâ as described [here](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/privacy)



##### content redistribution

**the best place to get twitter content is directly from twitter.
consequently, we restrict the redistribution of twitter content to third
parties.** â if you provide twitter content to third parties, including
downloadable datasets or via an api, you may only distribute tweet ids, direct
message ids, and/or user ids (except as described below). we also grant
special permissions to academic researchers sharing tweet ids and user ids for
non-commercial research purposes.

in total, you may not distribute more than 1,500,000 tweet ids to any entity
(inclusive of multiple individuals associated with a single entity) within any
30 day period unless you have received written permission from twitter. in
addition, all developers may provide up to 50,000 public tweets objects and/or
user objects to each person who uses your service on a daily basis if this is
done via non-automated means (e.g., download of spreadsheets or pdfs).

academic researchers are permitted to distribute an unlimited number of tweet
ids and/or user ids if they are doing so on behalf of an academic institution
and for the sole purpose of non-commercial research. for example, you are
permitted to share an unlimited number of tweet ids for the purpose of
enabling peer review or validation of your research. if you have questions
about whether your use case qualifies under this category please submit a
request via the [api policy support
form](https://help.twitter.com/forms/platform).

any twitter content provided to third parties remains subject to this policy,
and those third parties must agree to the twitter [terms of
service](https://twitter.com/en/tos), [privacy
policy](https://twitter.com/en/privacy), [developer
agreement](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement), and
[developer policy](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy)
before receiving such downloads. you may not enable any entity to circumvent
any other limitations or restrictions on the distribution of twitter content
as contained in this [policy](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-
terms/policy), the [developer
agreement](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement), or any
other agreement with twitter.



##### replicating the twitter experience

**  
the best place to experience twitter is on twitter owned and operated (too)
products.** as such, we discourage developers from building services that
replicate twitterâs core experience or features.

**if you create a service that replicates twitterâs core experience or
features you will be subject to additional rules beyond what is already
included in the developer policy.** in particular, you must:

  * obtain our permission to have more than 100,000 tokens. you may be subject to additional terms if this request is approved

  * use the twitter api for functionalities in your service that are substantially similar to twitter features. this includes, but is not limited to, tweets, follows, unfollows, retweets, likes, comments, and replies.

  * display a prominent link or button in your service that directs new people to twitterâs account creation page

**if you create a service that replicates twitterâs core experience or
features you may not do any of the following:**

  * pay, or offer to pay, third parties for distribution. this includes offering compensation for downloads (other than transactional fees) or other mechanisms of traffic acquisition

  * arrange for your service to be pre-installed on any other device, promoted as a "zero-rated" service, or marketed as part of a specialized data plan

  * use twitter content or other data collected from people to create or maintain a separate conversational platform, social network, status update, private messaging or live broadcasting database or service



##### pay to engage

**your service shouldnât compensate people to take actions on twitter, as
that results in inauthentic engagement that degrades the health of the
platform.** as you use the twitter api you may not sell or receive monetary or
virtual compensation for any twitter or periscope actions. this includes, but
is not limited to, tweets, follows, unfollows, retweets, likes, comments, and
replies.



##### service authenticity

**you must clearly identify your service so that people can understand its
source and purpose.** donât use names, logos, or urls that mask your
serviceâs identity and features, or that falsely imply an affiliation with
twitter or third parties. note that creating applications for the purpose of
selling names, or to prevent others from using names, is prohibited.

**you may not use any url (including shortened urls) for your service that
directs people to:**

  * a site that is unrelated to your service

  * a spam or malware site

  * a site that encourages people to violate twitter policy



##### twitter name, logo, and likeness

**you may only use and display the twitter name and logo to identify twitter
as the source of twitter content.** you should never use the twitter name and
logo, the twitter official partner program badge, or any other similar marks
or names in a manner that creates a false sense of endorsement, sponsorship,
or association with twitter. the twitter [brand
resources](https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html)
contain detailed information to help you use the twitter brand in the right
way.

**you may only use the twitter verified account badge and any other enhanced
account categorization as it is reported to you by twitter through the api.**
this helps people know that the content your service displays is equivalent to
that shown on twitter.



##### advertising on twitter

**there are restrictions regarding how and where you are allowed to advertise
around twitter content.** to start, your advertisements canât resemble or
reasonably be confused by people as a tweet or periscope broadcast. other
rules on advertising include:

  * **there must be a clear separation between twitter content and your advertisements.** you may not place any advertisements within the twitter timeline or on or within periscope broadcasts on your service other than twitter ads or advertisements made available through the official twitter kit integration with mopub.

  * **twitter reserves the right to serve advertising via the twitter api.** if you decide to serve twitter ads once we start delivering them via the api, we will share a portion of advertising revenue with you in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions.

  * **you may not use twitter content, or information obtained from the twitter api to target people with advertising outside of the twitter platform.**

**you must[contact us](https://help.twitter.com/forms/platform) if you find
that your service will require more than 1 million tokens.** services that
require more than 1 million tokens may be subject to additional terms
regarding twitter api access.

chapter 4:

#  rules for specific twitter services or features

  * twitter login 
  * twitter cards 
  * periscope producer 
  * definitions 
  * 



  * twitter login 
  * twitter cards 
  * periscope producer 
  * definitions 
  * 

the following additional rules apply for any use of the twitter services or
features listed below:



##### twitter login

**you must present people with easy to find options to log into and out of
twitter, for example via the oauth protocol.** the _sign in with twitter_
option must be displayed at least as prominently as any other sign-up or sign-
in feature on your service. you must also provide people without a twitter
account the opportunity to create one via twitter.

**once someone on your service authenticates via _sign in with twitter_ you
must clearly display their twitter identity.** twitter identity includes the
personâs current twitter @handle, avatar, and twitter logo. any display of
someoneâs twitter followers on your service must clearly show that the
relationship is associated with twitter.



##### twitter cards

**to ensure a quality experience you must develop your card to render across
all platforms where cards are displayed.** additional rules that you must
follow when using cards include:

  * you must mark your tweet as âtrueâ for sensitive media if you plan to display such media within a card

  * you must use https for hosting all assets within your card. your card should never generate active mixed content browser warnings

  * audio and video content should include stop or pause controls, and default to âsound offâ for videos that automatically play content

**you may not exceed or circumvent twitterâs limitations placed on any
cards, including the cardâs intended use.** additional restrictions on cards
use include:

  * you may not place third-party sponsored content within cards without twitterâs approval

  * you may not attach monetary incentives (including virtual currency) within your card or on twitter from your card

  * you may not include content or actions within your card that are misleading or not contextually relevant, such as urls and media.

  * you may only attach an app card to a tweet when someone is explicitly promoting or referring to the app in the tweet



##### periscope producer  

**you must[contact us](https://help.twitter.com/en/periscope-form) about your
twitter api access if you expect your service to exceed 10 million daily
broadcasts.** you may be subject to additional terms if you exceed this
threshold. additional restrictions on periscope developer use include:

  * you must provide a reasonable user-agent, as described in the periscope producer technical documentation, for your service when accessing the periscope api

  * you must honor requests from people to log out of their periscope account on your service

  * you may not provide tools in your service to allow people to circumvent technological protection measures



##### definitions  

  1. **twitter content** â tweets, tweet ids, twitter end user profile information, periscope broadcasts, broadcast ids and any other data and information made available to you through the twitter api or by any other means authorized by twitter, and any copies and derivative works thereof.

  2. **developer site** â twitterâs developer site located at <https://developer.twitter.com>.

  3. **periscope broadcast** \- a live or on-demand video stream that is publicly displayed on twitter applications and is generated by a user via twitterâs periscope producer feature (as set forth at [https://help.periscope.tv/customer/en/portal/articles/2600293](https://help.periscope.tv/customer/en/portal/articles/2600293-what-is-periscope-producer)).

  4. **services** â your websites, applications and other offerings that display twitter content or otherwise use the licensed material as explicitly approved by twitter.

  5. **tweet id** â a unique identification number generated for each tweet.

  6. **tweet** â a posting made on twitter applications.

  7. **âtwitterâ** means twitter, inc., with an office located at 1355 market street, suite 900, san francisco, ca, 94103, usa.â if you enter into this agreement or an order outside of the united states, canada or latin america, twitter international company with its registered offices at one cumberland place, fenian street, dublin 2, d02 ax07, ireland (âticâ) is the contracting entity.â 

  8. **direct message** \- a messageâ that is privately sent on twitter applications by one end user to one or more specific end user(s) using twitterâs direct message function.

  9. **twitter api** â the twitter application programming interface (âapiâ), software development kit (âsdkâ) and/or the related documentation, data, code, and other materials provided by twitter with the api, as updated from time to time, including without limitation through the developer site.

  10. **twitter applications** â twitterâs consumer facing products, services, applications, websites, web pages, platforms, and other offerings, including without limitation, those offered via [https://twitter.com](https://twitter.com/) and twitterâs mobile applications.

[ developer agreement, policy & terms ](/en/more/developer-terms.html
"developer agreement, policy & terms")

[ follow @twitterdev ](http://twitter.com/twitterdev "follow @twitterdev")

[ subscribe to developer news ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/twitterdev-
news-subscription)

####  twitter platform

  * [ twitter.com ](https://twitter.com/ "twitter.com")
  * [ status ](https://status.twitterstat.us/ "status")
  * [ card validator ](https://cards-dev.twitter.com/validator "card validator")
  * [ privacy center ](https://privacy.twitter.com/ "privacy center")
  * [ transparency center ](https://transparency.twitter.com/ "transparency center")

####  twitter, inc.

  * [ about the company ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/our-company.html "about the company")
  * [ twitter for good ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/twitter-for-good.html "twitter for good")
  * [ company news ](https://blog.twitter.com/ "company news")
  * [ brand toolkit ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/brand-toolkit.html "brand toolkit")
  * [ jobs and internships ](https://careers.twitter.com/ "jobs and internships")
  * [ investors ](https://investor.twitterinc.com/ "investors")

####  help

  * [ help center ](https://help.twitter.com/ "help center")
  * [ using twitter ](https://help.twitter.com/en/using-twitter "using twitter")
  * [ twitter media ](https://media.twitter.com/ "twitter media")
  * [ ads help center ](https://business.twitter.com/en/help.html "ads help center")
  * [ managing your account ](https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account "managing your account")
  * [ safety and security ](https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security "safety and security")
  * [ rules and policies ](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies "rules and policies")
  * [ contact us ](https://help.twitter.com/contact-us "contact us")

####  developer resources

  * [ developer home ](https://developer.twitter.com/en "developer home")
  * [ documentation ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs "documentation")
  * [ forums ](https://twittercommunity.com/ "forums")
  * [ communities ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/community "communities")
  * [ developer blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/developer/ "developer blog")
  * [ engineering blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/engineering/en_us.html "engineering blog")
  * [ developer terms ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/more/developer-terms "developer terms")

####  business resources

  * [ advertise ](https://business.twitter.com/en/advertising.html "advertise")
  * [ twitter for business ](https://business.twitter.com/ "twitter for business")
  * [ resources and guides ](https://business.twitter.com/en/resources.html "resources and guides")
  * [ twitter for marketers ](https://marketing.twitter.com/ "twitter for marketers")
  * [ marketing insights ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/insights "marketing insights")
  * [ brand inspiration ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/success-stories "brand inspiration")
  * [ twitter data ](https://data.twitter.com/ "twitter data")
  * [ twitter flight school ](https://www.twitterflightschool.com/sl/382652bc "twitter flight school")

(c) 2021 twitter, inc.

[ cookies ](https://help.twitter.com/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
"cookies")

[ privacy ](https://twitter.com/privacy "privacy")

[ terms and conditions ](https://twitter.com/tos "terms and conditions")

language

  * [ developer ](/en/developer-terms/policy)
  * [ japanese ](/ja/developer-terms/policy)
  * [ french ](/fr/developer-terms/policy)
  * [ chinese (simplified) ](/zh-cn/more/developer-terms/policy)

by using twitterâs services you agree to our [cookies
use](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies). we use
cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.

  * ok

this page and certain other twitter sites place and read third party cookies
on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting
of ads. through these cookies,
_[google](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)_ ,
_[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy)_ and
_[demandbase](https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/)_ collect personal
data about you for their own purposes.  _[learn
more](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies)_.  
  

  * accept
  * decline

