developer terms

##  developer agreement

#### developer agreement  

effective: march 10, 2020

this twitter developer agreement ( **âagreementâ** ) is made between you
(either an individual or an entity, referred to herein as **âyouâ** ) and
twitter (as defined below) and governs your access to and use of the licensed
material (as defined below).your use of twitterâs websites, sms, apis, email
notifications, applications, buttons, embeds, ads, and our other covered
services is governed by our general terms of service and privacy policy.

please read the terms and conditions of this agreement carefully, including
any linked terms referenced below, which are part of this license agreement.
by using the licensed material, you are agreeing that you have read, and that
you agree to comply with and to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
agreement and all applicable laws and regulations in their entirety without
limitation or qualification. if you do not agree to be bound by this
agreement, then you may not access or otherwise use the licensed material.
this agreement is effective as of the first date that you use the licensed
material ( **âeffective dateâ** ).

if you are an individual representing an entity, you acknowledge that you have
the appropriate authority to accept this agreement on behalf of such entity.
you may not use the licensed material and may not accept this agreement if you
are not of legal age to form a binding contract with twitter, or you are
barred from using or receiving the licensed material under applicable law.

###### i. twitter api and twitter content

###### a. definitions

  1. **broadcast id** \- a unique identification number generated for each periscope broadcast.

  2. **developer site** â twitterâs developer site located at [https://developer.twitter.com](https://developer.twitter.com/)

  3. **end users** â users of your services.

  4. **licensed material** â a collective term for the twitter api, twitter content and twitter marks.

  5. **periscope broadcast** \- a live or on-demand video stream that is publicly displayed on twitter applications and is generated by a user via twitterâs periscope producer feature (as set forth at [https://help.periscope.tv/customer/en/portal/articles/2600293](https://help.periscope.tv/customer/en/portal/articles/2600293-what-is-periscope-producer)).

  6. **services** â your services, websites, applications and other offerings (including research) that display twitter content or otherwise use the licensed material.

  7. **tweet id** â a unique identification number generated for each tweet.

  8. **tweet** â a posting made on twitter applications.

  9. **twitter content** â tweets, tweet ids, twitter end user profile information, periscope broadcasts, broadcast ids and any other data and information made available to you through the twitter api or by any other means authorized by twitter, and any copies and derivative works thereof.

  10. **âtwitterâ** means twitter, inc., with an office located at 1355 market street, suite 900, san francisco, ca, 94103, usa.â if you enter into this agreement or an order outside of the united states, canada or latin america, twitter international company with its registered offices at one cumberland place, fenian street, dublin 2, d02 ax07, ireland (âticâ) is the contracting entity.â 

  11. **direct message** \- a message that is privately sent on twitter applications by one end user to one or more specific end user(s) using twitterâs direct message function.

  12. **twitter api** â the twitter application programming interface (âapiâ), software development kit (âsdkâ) and/or the related documentation, data, code, and other materials provided by twitter with the api, as updated from time to time, including without limitation through the developer site.

  13. **twitter marks** â the twitter name, trademarks, and logos that twitter makes available to you, including via the developer site.

  14. **twitter applications** â twitterâs consumer facing products, services, applications, websites, web pages, platforms, and other offerings, including without limitation, those offered via [https://twitter.com](https://twitter.com/) and twitterâs mobile applications.

**b. license from twitter.** subject to the terms and conditions in this
agreement and the [developer
policy](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy) (as a
condition to the grant below), twitter hereby grants you and you accept a non-
exclusive, royalty free, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable
license solely to:

  1. use the twitter api to integrate twitter content into your services or conduct analysis of such twitter content, as explicitly approved by twitter;

  2. copy a reasonable amount of and display the twitter content on and through your services to end users, as permitted by this agreement;

  3. modify twitter content only to format it for display on your services; and

  4. use and display twitter marks, solely to attribute twitterâs offerings as the source of the twitter content, as set forth herein.

**c. license to twitter** you hereby grant twitter and twitter accepts a non-
exclusive, royalty free, non-transferable, non-sublicensable revocable license
to access, index, and cache by any means, including web spiders and/or
crawlers, any webpage or applications on which you display twitter content
using [embedded tweets](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-
websites/embedded-tweets/overview) or [embedded
timelines](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-
websites/timelines/overview).

**d. incorporated terms.** your use of the licensed material is further
subject to and governed by the following terms and conditions:

  1. the [twitter developer policy](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy);

  2. the[ api restricted use rules](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/more-on-restricted-use-cases);

  3. the [twitter rules](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-rules);

  4. as it relates to your display of any of the twitter content, the [display requirements](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/display-requirements.html);

  5. as it relates to your use and display of the twitter marks, the [twitter brand resources](https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html);â 

  6. as it relates to taking automated actions on your account, the [automation rules](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-automation);

  7. as it relates to your use of periscope, the [periscope community guidelines](https://www.periscope.tv/content), and the [periscope trademark guidelines](https://www.periscope.tv/trademarkpolicy).

the [developer policy](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-
terms/policy), [api restricted use
rules](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/more-on-restricted-
use-cases), [twitter rules](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-
policies/twitter-rules), [display
requirements](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/display-
requirements.html), [brand
resources](https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html),
[automation rules](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-
automation), [periscope community
guidelines](https://www.periscope.tv/content), and [periscope trademark
guidelines](https://www.periscope.tv/trademarkpolicy) are collectively
referred to herein as the **âincorporated developer termsâ**. you agree to
the incorporated developer terms, which are hereby incorporated by reference
and are available in hardcopy upon request to twitter. in the event of a
conflict between the incorporated developer terms and this agreement, this
agreement shall control. none of the incorporated developer terms expand or
extend the license to the twitter api, twitter content or twitter marks
granted in this agreement.

**ii. restrictions on use of licensed materials**

**a. reverse engineering and other restrictions.** you will not or attempt to
(and will not allow others to) a) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or
translate the twitter api, or otherwise attempt to derive source code, trade
secrets or know-how in or underlying any twitter api or any portion thereof;
b) interfere with, modify, disrupt or disable features or functionality of the
twitter api, including without limitation any such mechanism used to restrict
or control the functionality, or defeat, avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate or
otherwise circumvent any software protection or monitoring mechanisms of the
twitter api; b) sell, rent, lease, sublicense, distribute, redistribute,
syndicate, create derivative works of, assign or otherwise transfer or provide
access to, in whole or in part, the licensed material to any third party
except as expressly permitted herein; d) provide use of the twitter api on a
service bureau, rental or managed services basis or permit other individuals
or entities to create links to the twitter api or "frame" or "mirror" the
twitter api on any other server, or wireless or internet-based device, or
otherwise make available to a third party, any token, key, password or other
login credentials to the twitter api; or e) use the licensed material for any
illegal, unauthorized or other improper purposes, including without limitation
to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious
material, to store or transmit malicious code, or to store or transmit
material in violation of third-party privacy rights;â (f) utilize the licensed
material to derive or obtain non-public information of individual twitter
users, including without limitation a userâs location; (g) interfere with or
disrupt the integrity or performance of the twitter applications, twitter api
or twitter content contained therein, including by disrupting the ability of
any other person to use or enjoy the twitter applications, twitter api or
twitter content, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the twitter
applications, twitter api, twitter content or related systems or networks; (h)
remove or alter any proprietary notices or marks on the twitter content; or
(i) use twitter content, by itself or bundled with third party data, or
derivative analysis therefrom, to target users with advertising outside of the
twitter applications, including without limitation on other advertising
networks, via data brokers, or through any other advertising or monetization
services.

**b. commercial use restrictions.** if your project (located in your twitter
developer portal) is designated as ânon-commercialâ you shall not make
commercial use of the licensed materials. commercial use restrictions may not
apply to those officially registered: (1) non-profits or (2) ngos.â
âcommercial useâ means any use of the licensed materials (which includes
access to the twitter api): (i) by (or on behalf of) a business (i.e. entity
whose primary purpose is to earn revenue through a product or service) or (ii)
as part of a product or service that is monetized (including but not limited
to website advertising, licensing fees, in-app promotions, and sponsorships).â
â

**c. no monitoring or measuring.â** despite any other provision herein, you
may only use the following information for non-commercial, internal purposes
(e.g., to improve the functionality of the services): (a) aggregate twitter
applications user metrics, such as number of active users or accounts on
twitter applications; (b) the responsiveness of twitter applications; and (c)
results, usage statistics, data or other information (in the aggregate or
otherwise) derived from analyzing, using, or regarding the performance of the
twitter api. all such information is twitterâs confidential information.

**d. rate limits.** you will not attempt to exceed or circumvent limitations
on access, calls and use of the twitter api ( **" rate limits"**), or
otherwise use the twitter api in a manner that exceeds reasonable request
volume, constitutes excessive or abusive usage, or otherwise fails to comply
or is inconsistent with any part of this agreement. if you exceed or twitter
reasonably believes that you have attempted to circumvent rate limits,
controls to limit use of the twitter apis or the terms and conditions of this
agreement, then your ability to use the licensed materials may be temporarily
suspended or permanently blocked. twitter may monitor your use of the twitter
api to improve the licensed materials and twitter applicationsâ and to ensure
your compliance with this agreement and incorporated developer terms.

**e. location data.** you will notâ (and you will not allow others to)
aggregate, cache, or store location data and other geographic information
contained in the twitter content, except in conjunction with the twitter
content to which it is attached. you may only use such location data and
geographic information to identify the location tagged by the twitter content.
you may not use location data or geographic information on a standalone basis.

**f. use of twitter marks.** the twitter marks may not be included in or as
part of your registered corporate name, any of your logos, or any of your
service or product names. moreover, you may not create any derivative works of
the twitter marks or use the twitter marks in a manner that creates or
reasonably implies an inaccurate sense of endorsement, sponsorship, or
association with twitter. you will not otherwise use business names and/or
logos in a manner that can mislead, confuse, or deceive users of your
services. all use of the twitter marks and all goodwill arising out of such
use, will inure to twitter's benefit. you shall not use the twitter marks
except as expressly authorized herein without twitter's prior consent. you
will not remove or alter any proprietary notices or twitter marks on the
licensed material.

**g. security.** you will maintain the security of the twitter api and will
not make available to a third party, any token, key, password or other login
credentials to the twitter api. you will use industry standard security
measures to prevent unauthorized access or use of any of the features and
functionality of the twitter api, including access by viruses, worms, or any
other harmful code or material. additionally, you will keep twitter content
(including, where applicable, personal data) confidential and secure from
unauthorized access by using industry-standard organizational and technical
safeguards for such data, and with no less care than it uses in connection
with securing similar data you store. you will immediately notify twitter
consult and cooperate with investigations, assist with any required notices,
and provide any information reasonably requested by twitter if you know of or
suspects any breach of security or potential vulnerability related to the
licensed material and will promptly remedy such breach or potential
vulnerability resulting from your access to the licensed material.

###### iii. updates and removals

**a. updates.** you acknowledge that twitter may update or modify the licensed
materials from time to time, and at its sole discretion (in each instance, an
**âupdateâ** ). you are required to implement and use the most current
version of the licensed materials and to make any changes to your services
that are required as a result of such update, at your sole cost and expense.
updates may adversely affect the manner in which your services access or
communicate with the twitter api or display twitter content. your continued
access or use of the licensed materials following an update or modification
will constitute binding acceptance of the update.

**b. removals.** if twitter content is deleted, gains protected status, or is
otherwise suspended, withheld, modified, or removed from the twitter
applications (including removal of location information), you will make all
reasonable efforts to delete or modify such twitter content (as applicable) as
soon as possible, and in any case within 24 hours after a written request to
do so by twitter or by a twitter user with regard to their twitter content,
unless prohibited by applicable law or regulation and with the express written
permission of twitter.

###### iv. ownership and feedback

**a. ownership.** the licensed material is licensed, not sold, and twitter
retains and reserves all rights not expressly granted in this agreement. you
expressly acknowledge that twitter, its licensors and its end users retain all
worldwide right, title and interest in and to the licensed material, including
all rights in patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets,
know-how, data (including all applications therefor), and all proprietary
rights under the laws of the united states, any other jurisdiction or any
treaty ( **" ip rights"**). you agree not to do anything inconsistent with
such ownership, including without limitation, challenging twitterâs
ownership of the twitter marks, challenging the validity of the licenses
granted herein, or otherwise copying or exploiting the twitter marks during or
after the termination of this agreement, except as specifically authorized
herein. if you acquire any rights in the twitter marks or any confusingly
similar marks, by operation of law or otherwise, you will, at no expense to
twitter, immediately assign such rights to twitter.

**b. feedback.** you may provide twitter with comments concerning the licensed
material, twitter applications or your evaluation and use thereof
(collectively, ** "feedback"**). you hereby grant twitter all rights, title
and ownership of such feedback (including all intellectual property rights
therein), and twitter may use the feedback for any and all commercial and non-
commercial purposes with no obligation of any kind to you.

**v. termination.** twitter may immediately terminate or suspend this
agreement, any rights granted herein, and/or your license to the licensed
materials, at its sole discretion at any time, for any reason by providing
notice to you. you may terminate this agreement at any time by ceasing your
access to the twitter api and use of all twitter content. upon termination of
this agreement, (a) all licenses granted herein immediately expire and you
must cease use of all licensed materials; and (b) you shall permanently delete
all licensed material and twitter marks in all forms and types of media, and
copies thereof, in your possession. the parties to this agreement will not be
liable to each other for any damages resulting solely from termination of this
agreement as permitted under this agreement. sections ii (restrictions on use
of licensed materials), iv (ownership and feedback), v (termination), vi
(confidentiality), vii (compliance audit), viii (warranty disclaimer), ix
(indemnification), x (limitation of liability) and xii (miscellaneous) of this
agreement will survive the termination of this agreement.

**vi. confidentiality.** you may be given access to certain non-public
information, software, and specifications relating to the licensed material (
**âconfidential informationâ** ), which is confidential and proprietary to
twitter. you may use this confidential information only as necessary in
exercising your rights granted in this agreement. you may not disclose any of
this confidential information to any third party without twitterâs prior
written consent. you agree that you will protect this confidential information
from unauthorized use, access, or disclosure in the same manner that you would
use to protect your own confidential and proprietary information of a similar
nature and in no event with less than a reasonable degree of care.

**vii. compliance audit.** twitter, or a third party agent subject to
obligations of confidentiality, shall be entitled to inspect and audit any
records or activity related to your access to the licensed material for the
purpose of verifying compliance with this agreement. twitter may exercise its
audit right at any time upon notice. you will provide your full cooperation
and assistance with such audit and provide access to all licensed material in
your possession or control, applicable agreements and records. without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, as part of the audit, twitter may
request, and you agree to provide, a written report, signed by an authorized
representative, listing your then-current deployment of the licensed material
and twitter content. the rights and requirements of this section will survive
for one (1) year following the termination of this agreement.

**viii. warranty disclaimer.** the licensed material is provided to you âas
isâ, âwhere isâ, with all faults and each party disclaims all
warranties, whether express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, including
without limitation warranties of merchantability, noninfringement, fitness for
a particular purpose, and any warranties or conditions arising out of this
agreement, course of dealing or usage of trade. twitter does not warrant that
the licensed material or any other twitter product or service provided
hereunder will meet any of your requirements or that use of such licensed
material or other products or services will be error-free, uninterrupted,
virus-free or secure. this disclaimer of warranty may not be valid in some
jurisdictions and you may have warranty rights under law which may not be
waived or disclaimed. any such warranty extends only for thirty (30) days from
the effective date of this agreement (unless such law provides otherwise).

**ix. indemnification.** you shall defend twitter against any and all actions,
demands, claims and suits (including without limitation product liability
claims), and indemnify and hold twitter harmless from any and all liabilities,
damages and costs (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees) to
the extent arising out of: (i) your use of the licensed material in any manner
that is inconsistent with this agreement; or (ii) the performance, promotion,
sale or distribution of your services. in the event twitter seeks
indemnification or defense from you under this provision, twitter will
promptly notify you in writing of the claim(s) brought against twitter for
which it seeks indemnification or defense. twitter reserves the right, at its
option and sole discretion, to assume full control of the defense of claims
with legal counsel of its choice. you may not enter into any third party
agreement, which would, in any manner whatsoever, affect the rights of
twitter, constitute an admission of fault by twitter or bind twitter in any
manner, without the prior written consent of twitter. in the event twitter
assumes control of the defense of such claim, twitter shall not settle any
such claim requiring payment from you without your prior written approval.

**x. limitation of liability.** in no event will twitter be liable to you or
any end users for any indirect, special, incidental, exemplary, punitive or
consequential damages or any loss of or damage to use, data, business,
goodwill or profits arising out of or in connection with this agreement. in
any case, twitter's aggregate liability for any and all claims under this
agreement will not exceed $50.00 usd. the foregoing limitations, exclusions
and disclaimers shall apply regardless of whether such liability arises from
any claim based upon contract, warranty, tort (including negligence), strict
liability or otherwise, and whether or not twitter has been advised of the
possibility of such loss or damage. insofar as applicable law prohibits any
limitation on liability herein, the parties agree that such limitation will be
automatically modified, but only to the extent so as to make the limitation
compliant with applicable law. the parties agree that the limitations on
liabilities set forth herein are agreed allocations of risk and such
limitations will apply notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any
limited remedy.

**xi. agreement updates.** twitter may update or modify this agreement or any
of the incorporated developer terms from time to time at its sole discretion
by posting the changes on this site or by otherwise notifying you (such notice
may be via email). you acknowledge that these updates and modifications may
adversely affect how your service accesses or communicates with the twitter
api. if any change is unacceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease all
use of the licensed material. your continued access or use of the licensed
material will constitute binding acceptance of such updates and modifications.

**xii. miscellaneous.**

**a. assignment.** you may not assign any of the rights or obligations granted
hereunder, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law,
contract, merger (whether you are the surviving or disappearing entity), stock
or asset sale, consolidation, dissolution, through government action or
otherwise, except with the prior written consent of twitter, inc. twitter,
inc. is authorized to sign modifications and consents on behalf of twitter
international company, an irish company responsible for the information of
twitter users who live outside the united states. any attempted assignment in
violation of this paragraph is null and void, and twitter may terminate this
agreement.

**b. user protection.** unless explicitly approved otherwise by twitter in
writing, you may not use, or knowingly display, distribute, or otherwise make
twitter content, or information derived from twitter content, available to any
entity for the purpose of: (a) conducting or providing surveillance or
gathering intelligence, including but not limited to investigating or tracking
twitter users or twitter content; (b) conducting or providing analysis or
research for any unlawful or discriminatory purpose, or in a manner that would
be inconsistent with twitter users' reasonable expectations of privacy; (c)
monitoring sensitive events (including but not limited to protests, rallies,
or community organizing meetings); or (d) targeting, segmenting, or profiling
individuals based on sensitive personal information, including their health
(e.g., pregnancy), negative financial status or condition, political
affiliation or beliefs, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical
affiliation or beliefs, sex life or sexual orientation, trade union
membership, twitter content relating to any alleged or actual commission of a
crime, or any other sensitive categories of personal information prohibited by
law.

**c. government use.** if you will display, distribute, or otherwise make
available any twitter content to end users that are, or that act on behalf of,
any government-related entity (each a âgovernment end userâ), you will
identify all such government end users when submitting that use case for
review to twitter and will thereafter notify twitter in writing of any new
government end users, and any new use cases with existing government end
users, prior to the services displaying, distributing, or otherwise making
available any twitter content to a government end user or for any new use
case, and twitter will have the right at anytime to prohibit you from making
twitter content available to anyâ new government end user. in no event shall
your use, or knowingly display, distribute, or otherwise make twitter content,
or information derived from twitter content, available to any government end
user whose primary function or mission includes conducting surveillance or
gathering intelligence. if law enforcement personnel request information about
twitter or its users for the purposes of an ongoing investigation, you may
refer them to twitterâs guidelines for law enforcement located at
https://t.co/le. the twitter api and twitter content are "commercial items" as
that term is defined at 48 c.f.r. 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer
software" and "commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are
used in 48 c.f.r. 12.212.â any use, modification, derivative, reproduction,
release, performance, display, disclosure or distribution of the twitter api
or twitter content by any government entity is prohibited, except as expressly
permitted by the terms of this agreement. additionally, any use by u.s.
government entities must be in accordance with 48 c.f.r. 12.212 and 48 c.f.r.
227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4. if you use the twitter api or twitter content
in your official capacity as an employee or representative of a u.s., state or
local government entity and you are legally unable to accept the indemnity,
jurisdiction, venue or other clauses herein, then those clauses do not apply
to such entity, but only to the extent as required by applicable law.
contractor/manufacturer is twitter, inc. 1355 market street, suite 900, san
francisco, california 94103.

**d. compliance with laws; export and import.** each party will comply with
all applicable foreign, federal, state, and local laws, rules and regulations,
including without limitation, all applicable laws relating to bribery and/or
corruption. the licensed material is subject to u.s. export laws and may be
subject to import and use laws of the country where it is delivered or used.
you agree to abide by these laws. under these laws, the licensed material may
not be sold, leased, downloaded, moved, exported, re-exported, or transferred
across borders without a license, or approval from the relevant government
authority, to any country or to any foreign national restricted by these laws,
including countries embargoed by the u.s. government (currently cuba, iran,
north korea, northern sudan and syria); or to any restricted or denied end-
user including, but not limited to, any person or entity prohibited by the
u.s. office of foreign assets control; or for any restricted end-use. you will
maintain all rights and licenses that are required with respect to your
services.

**e. data protection addendum.** twitter international company (âticâ), an
irish registered company, controls some of the twitter content, as set forth
in the twitter privacy policy, and has authorized twitter to license such
twitter content under this agreement (such twitter content is âtwitter
european dataâ). to the extent that you receive twitter european data, you
agree that in addition to this agreement, the twitter controller-to-controller
data protection addendum located at <https://gdpr.twitter.com/en/controller-
to-controller-transfers.html> shall apply to twitter european data and is
hereby incorporated by reference.

**f. governing law; dispute resolution.** this agreement will be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of california, without
regard to or application of conflicts of law rules or principles. any dispute,
claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this agreement or the
breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof,
including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to
arbitrate, shall be determined by arbitration in san francisco, ca before a
single arbitrator. the arbitration shall be administered by jams pursuant to
its comprehensive arbitration rules and procedures. judgment on the award may
be entered in any court having jurisdiction. you and twitter hereby expressly
waive trial by jury. as an alternative, you may bring your claim in your local
"small claims" court, if permitted by that small claims court's rules. you may
bring claims only on your own behalf, and unless twitter agrees, the
arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims. despite the
foregoing, you agree that money damages would be an inadequate remedy for
twitter in the event of a breach or threatened breach of a provision of this
agreement protecting twitter's intellectual property or confidential
information, and that in the event of such a breach or threat, twitter, in
addition to any other remedies to which it is entitled, is entitled to such
preliminary or injunctive relief (including an order prohibiting company from
taking actions in breach of such provisions), without the need for posting
bond, and specific performance as may be appropriate. the parties agree that
neither the united nations convention on contracts for the international sale
of goods, nor the uniform computer information transaction act (ucita) shall
apply to this agreement, regardless of the states in which the parties do
business or are incorporated. no waiver by twitter of any covenant or right
under this agreement will be effective unless memorialized in a writing duly
authorized by twitter.

**g. severability.** if any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid
or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be
enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the remaining provisions of
this agreement will remain in full force and effect.

**h. entire agreement.** this agreement constitutes the entire agreement among
the parties with respect to the subject matter and supersedes and merges all
prior proposals, understandings and contemporaneous communications. any
modification to this agreement must be in a writing signed by both you and
twitter, inc. this agreement does not create or imply any partnership, agency
or joint venture.

â

[ developer agreement, policy & terms ](/en/more/developer-terms.html
"developer agreement, policy & terms")

[ follow @twitterdev ](http://twitter.com/twitterdev "follow @twitterdev")

[ subscribe to developer news ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/twitterdev-
news-subscription)

####  twitter platform

  * [ twitter.com ](https://twitter.com/ "twitter.com")
  * [ status ](https://status.twitterstat.us/ "status")
  * [ card validator ](https://cards-dev.twitter.com/validator "card validator")
  * [ privacy center ](https://privacy.twitter.com/ "privacy center")
  * [ transparency center ](https://transparency.twitter.com/ "transparency center")

####  twitter, inc.

  * [ about the company ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/our-company.html "about the company")
  * [ twitter for good ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/twitter-for-good.html "twitter for good")
  * [ company news ](https://blog.twitter.com/ "company news")
  * [ brand toolkit ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/brand-toolkit.html "brand toolkit")
  * [ jobs and internships ](https://careers.twitter.com/ "jobs and internships")
  * [ investors ](https://investor.twitterinc.com/ "investors")

####  help

  * [ help center ](https://help.twitter.com/ "help center")
  * [ using twitter ](https://help.twitter.com/en/using-twitter "using twitter")
  * [ twitter media ](https://media.twitter.com/ "twitter media")
  * [ ads help center ](https://business.twitter.com/en/help.html "ads help center")
  * [ managing your account ](https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account "managing your account")
  * [ safety and security ](https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security "safety and security")
  * [ rules and policies ](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies "rules and policies")
  * [ contact us ](https://help.twitter.com/contact-us "contact us")

####  developer resources

  * [ developer home ](https://developer.twitter.com/en "developer home")
  * [ documentation ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs "documentation")
  * [ forums ](https://twittercommunity.com/ "forums")
  * [ communities ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/community "communities")
  * [ developer blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/developer/ "developer blog")
  * [ engineering blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/engineering/en_us.html "engineering blog")
  * [ developer terms ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/more/developer-terms "developer terms")

####  business resources

  * [ advertise ](https://business.twitter.com/en/advertising.html "advertise")
  * [ twitter for business ](https://business.twitter.com/ "twitter for business")
  * [ resources and guides ](https://business.twitter.com/en/resources.html "resources and guides")
  * [ twitter for marketers ](https://marketing.twitter.com/ "twitter for marketers")
  * [ marketing insights ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/insights "marketing insights")
  * [ brand inspiration ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/success-stories "brand inspiration")
  * [ twitter data ](https://data.twitter.com/ "twitter data")
  * [ twitter flight school ](https://www.twitterflightschool.com/sl/382652bc "twitter flight school")

(c) 2021 twitter, inc.

[ cookies ](https://help.twitter.com/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
"cookies")

[ privacy ](https://twitter.com/privacy "privacy")

[ terms and conditions ](https://twitter.com/tos "terms and conditions")

language

  * [ developer ](/en/developer-terms/agreement)
  * [ japanese ](/ja/developer-terms/agreement)
  * [ ](/pt/developer-terms/agreement)
  * [ french ](/fr/developer-terms/agreement)
  * [ chinese (simplified) ](/zh-cn/more/developer-terms/agreement)
  * [ ](/es/developer-terms/agreement)

by using twitterâs services you agree to our [cookies
use](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies). we use
cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.

  * ok

this page and certain other twitter sites place and read third party cookies
on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting
of ads. through these cookies,
_[google](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)_ ,
_[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy)_ and
_[demandbase](https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/)_ collect personal
data about you for their own purposes.  _[learn
more](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies)_.  
  

  * accept
  * decline

