developer terms

##  more about restricted uses of the twitter apis

use of our developer platform requires that you review and agree to ourâ
[developer agreement and policy](/en/developer-terms/agreement-and-
policy.html), as well as our related policies, including the[â display
requirements](/en/developer-terms/display-requirements.html)â andâ [automation
rules](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-automation).
among other things, our agreements and policies provide guidance about several
restricted use cases. weâve provided additional information about some of
these restrictions below.

#### sensitive information  

you should be careful about using twitter data to derive or infer potentially
sensitive characteristics about twitter users. never derive or infer, or store
derived or inferred, information about a twitter userâs:

  * health (including pregnancy)
  * negative financial status or condition
  * political affiliation or beliefs
  * racial or ethnic origin
  * religious or philosophical affiliation or beliefs
  * sex life or sexual orientation
  * trade union membership
  * alleged or actual commission of a crime

aggregate analysis of twitter content that does not store any personal data
(for example, user ids, usernames, and other identifiers) is permitted,
provided that the analysis also complies with applicable laws and all parts of
the developer agreement and policy.

#### off-twitter matching  

off-twitter matching involves associating twitter content, including a twitter
username or user id, with a person, household, device, browser, or other off-
twitter identifier. one example would be associating a twitter username with a
businessâs customer records (i.e. âjohn doeâ in your customer record is
matched to @johndoe on twitter).

we want people to feel comfortable to create a separate and, if they choose,
pseudonymous identity on twitter. if you intend to associate any information
about a twitter user with an off-twitter identifier, we require that you get
express, opt-in consent from the user before making the association. for
example, you could get this consent if the user shares their twitter handle
directly with you as part of a signup process for your service.

in situations in which you do not have a userâs express, opt-in consent to
link their twitter identity to an off-twitter identifier, we require that any
connection you draw be based only on information that a user would reasonably
expect to be used for that purpose. if a user would be surprised to learn that
you are using information they provided to link their twitter account to an
identity off of twitter, donât do it. in addition, absent a personâs
express opt-in consent you may only attempt to match your records about
someone to a twitter identity based on:

  * **information provided directly to you by the user.** â records about individuals with whom you have no prior relationship, including data about individuals obtained from third parties, do not meet this standard; and/or  

  * **public data.** â âpublic dataâ in this context refers to:
    * information about a user which you obtained from a public, generally-available resource (such as a directory of members of a professional association)
    * information on twitter about a user which is publicly available, including:
      * tweets
      * profile information, including a userâs bio and publicly-stated location
      * display name and username

#### redistribution of twitter content  

if you need to share twitter content you obtained via the twitter apis with
another party, the best way to do so is by sharing tweet ids, direct message
ids, and/or user ids, which the end user of the content can then rehydrate
(i.e. request the full tweet, user, or direct message content) using the
twitter apis. this helps ensure that end users of twitter content always get
the most current information directly from us.

we permit limited redistribution of hydrated twitter content via non-automated
means. if you choose to share hydrated twitter content with another party in
this way, you may only share up to 50,000 hydrated public tweet objects and/or
user objects per recipient, per day, and should not make this data publicly
available (for example, as an attachment to a blog post or in a public github
repository).

there are a few other points to keep in mind about redistributing twitter
content:

  * you may only distribute up to a total of 1,500,000 tweet ids to a single entity within a 30 day periodâ unless youâve received prior express written permission from twitter.  

  * individuals redistributing tweet ids and/or user ids on behalf of an academic institution for the sole purpose of non-commercial research are permitted to redistribute an unlimited number of tweet ids and/or user ids.  

  * to request permission to share twitter content as outlined above, please use theâ [api policy support form](https://help.twitter.com/forms/platform).  

to the extent you are permitted to distribute twitter content to a third
party, note that this content remains subject to the developer agreement and
policy, and you must ensure such third party has agreed to the twitterâ [terms
of service](https://twitter.com/en/tos),â [privacy
policy](https://twitter.com/en/privacy),â [developer agreement](/en/developer-
terms/agreement), andâ [developer policy](/en/developer-terms/policy)â before
receiving twitter content.

#### multiple applications  

you are not permitted to register multiple applications for a single use case,
or substantially similar or overlapping use cases.â learn more about these
policiesâ [here](https://twittercommunity.com/t/policy-clarification-multiple-
applications-for-the-same-use-case/92080).

in this context, we define âuse caseâ as a consistent set of analyses,
displays, or actions performed via an application. providing the same service
or application to different end users (including âwhite labelâ versions of
a tool or service) counts as a single use case. these rules apply both to
applications you register, and to applications registered by the end users of
your tool or service; requiring your end users to register applications for
the purpose of using your tool or service could result in enforcement actions
against you, your applications, your customers, and/or the end users of your
tool or service.

the only exception to this rule is to create development (âdevâ), staging,
and production (âprodâ) instances of the same service. ensure that these
applications are clearly labeled (for instance, in the application name or
description), and that you do not use development or staging applications for
production purposes.

#### automation, spam, and auto-responses  

the use of twitterâs apis and developer products to create spam, or engage
in spammy behavior, is prohibited. you should review theâ [twitter
rules](https://t.co/rules)â on spam, and ensure that your application does
not, and does not enable users to, violate our policies.

if your application will be used to perform write actions on the twitter
service, including posting tweets, following accounts, or sending direct
messages, you should carefully review theâ [automation
rules](https://support.twitter.com/articles/76915)â to ensure your service
complies with our guidelines. in particular, you should:

  * always get a userâs explicit consent before sending themâ [automated replies or messages](https://twittercommunity.com/t/policy-clarification-automated-replies-and-mentions/94444)
  * immediately respect user requests to opt-out of being contacted by you
  * never perform bulk, aggressive, or spammy actions, includingâ [bulk following](https://twittercommunity.com/t/policy-clarification-aggressive-following-and-inorganic-following-behavior/92769)
  * never post identical or substantially similar content acrossâ [multiple accounts](https://blog.twitter.com/developer/en_us/topics/tips/2018/automation-and-the-use-of-multiple-accounts.html)

#### measuring the twitter service  

do not use the twitter apis to measure the availability, performance,
functionality, or usage of twitter for benchmarking or competitive purposes.
for example, you should never use the twitter apis to:

  * calculate aggregate twitter user metrics, such as the total number of active users or accounts
  * calculate aggregate twitter tweet metrics, such as the total number of tweets posted per day, or the number of user engagements or account engagements
  * measure or analyze spam or security on twitter, except as permitted in theâ [twitter rules](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-rules)

#### surveillance, privacy, and user protection  

at twitter, protecting and defending the privacy of our users is built into
the core dna of our company â and our developer and data products reflect
that commitment. we believe that twitter data can be a powerful force for good
in the world â from saving lives during flooding in jakarta to helping the
usgs track earthquakes to working with the un to achieve the sustainable
development goals. however, we prohibit the use of twitter data and the
twitter apis by any entity for surveillance purposes, or in any other way that
would be inconsistent with our users' reasonable expectations of privacy.
period.

we describe prohibited uses of our data and developer products in theâ
[developer agreement](/en/developer-terms/agreement-and-policy), including
prohibitions on investigating or tracking twitter users or their content, as
well as tracking, alerting, or monitoring sensitive events (such as protests,
rallies, or community organizing meetings).

other categories of activities prohibited under these terms include (but are
not limited to):  

  * investigating or tracking sensitive groups and organizations, such as unions or activist groups
  * background checks or any form of extreme vetting
  * credit or insurance risk analyses
  * individual profiling or psychographic segmentation
  * facial recognition

these policies apply to all users of our apis. any misuse of the twitter apis
for these purposes will be subject to enforcement action, which can include
suspension and termination of access.  

for additional information for law enforcement authorities seeking information
about twitter accounts, visitâ <https://t.co/le>.

[ developer agreement, policy & terms ](/en/more/developer-terms.html
"developer agreement, policy & terms")

[ follow @twitterdev ](http://twitter.com/twitterdev "follow @twitterdev")

[ subscribe to developer news ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/twitterdev-
news-subscription)

####  twitter platform

  * [ twitter.com ](https://twitter.com/ "twitter.com")
  * [ status ](https://status.twitterstat.us/ "status")
  * [ card validator ](https://cards-dev.twitter.com/validator "card validator")
  * [ privacy center ](https://privacy.twitter.com/ "privacy center")
  * [ transparency center ](https://transparency.twitter.com/ "transparency center")

####  twitter, inc.

  * [ about the company ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/our-company.html "about the company")
  * [ twitter for good ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/twitter-for-good.html "twitter for good")
  * [ company news ](https://blog.twitter.com/ "company news")
  * [ brand toolkit ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/brand-toolkit.html "brand toolkit")
  * [ jobs and internships ](https://careers.twitter.com/ "jobs and internships")
  * [ investors ](https://investor.twitterinc.com/ "investors")

####  help

  * [ help center ](https://help.twitter.com/ "help center")
  * [ using twitter ](https://help.twitter.com/en/using-twitter "using twitter")
  * [ twitter media ](https://media.twitter.com/ "twitter media")
  * [ ads help center ](https://business.twitter.com/en/help.html "ads help center")
  * [ managing your account ](https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account "managing your account")
  * [ safety and security ](https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security "safety and security")
  * [ rules and policies ](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies "rules and policies")
  * [ contact us ](https://help.twitter.com/contact-us "contact us")

####  developer resources

  * [ developer home ](https://developer.twitter.com/en "developer home")
  * [ documentation ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs "documentation")
  * [ forums ](https://twittercommunity.com/ "forums")
  * [ communities ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/community "communities")
  * [ developer blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/developer/ "developer blog")
  * [ engineering blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/engineering/en_us.html "engineering blog")
  * [ developer terms ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/more/developer-terms "developer terms")

####  business resources

  * [ advertise ](https://business.twitter.com/en/advertising.html "advertise")
  * [ twitter for business ](https://business.twitter.com/ "twitter for business")
  * [ resources and guides ](https://business.twitter.com/en/resources.html "resources and guides")
  * [ twitter for marketers ](https://marketing.twitter.com/ "twitter for marketers")
  * [ marketing insights ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/insights "marketing insights")
  * [ brand inspiration ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/success-stories "brand inspiration")
  * [ twitter data ](https://data.twitter.com/ "twitter data")
  * [ twitter flight school ](https://www.twitterflightschool.com/sl/382652bc "twitter flight school")

(c) 2021 twitter, inc.

[ cookies ](https://help.twitter.com/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
"cookies")

[ privacy ](https://twitter.com/privacy "privacy")

[ terms and conditions ](https://twitter.com/tos "terms and conditions")

language

  * [ developer ](/en/developer-terms/more-on-restricted-use-cases)
  * [ japanese ](/ja/developer-terms/more-on-restricted-use-cases)

by using twitterâs services you agree to our [cookies
use](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies). we use
cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.

  * ok

this page and certain other twitter sites place and read third party cookies
on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting
of ads. through these cookies,
_[google](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)_ ,
_[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy)_ and
_[demandbase](https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/)_ collect personal
data about you for their own purposes.  _[learn
more](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies)_.  
  

  * accept
  * decline

