developer terms

##  display requirements: tweets

###### general principles and tweet anatomy

tweets are one of our most visible brand elements, so itâs important that
they are presented correctly. you should comply with the display requirements
below when you display tweets, timelines, and other twitter content. â  

if you follow these guidelines merely to display a tweet, you may not need to
contact twitter for any additional display or trademark permissions. however,
you may still want to submit your proposed use and context for twitter review.
(note that, in some cases, permission from the original content creator may
still be necessary, as twitter does not provide permission to use third
party/user content.)

the following general principles apply to all display mediums. please note,
medium-specific requirements do apply, and are are outlined in the sections
below.  

the image below shows all the main components of a tweet.

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' viewbox='0 0
980 521'%3e%3c/svg%3e)

##### do:  

  * display real, unmodified tweets from real accounts.
  * follow twitterâsâ [terms of service](https://twitter.com/tos?lang=en), theâ [twitter brand assets and guidelines](https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html), and (if applicable) theâ [developer agreement and developer policy](/en/developer-terms/agreement-and-policy).
  * display the twitter logo.

##### don't:  

  * use twitter content to promote any product or service (e.g., by displaying twitter content in advertising or otherwise displaying twitter content to imply endorsement of any product or service) without explicit permission from the user.
  * use twitter content to imply sponsorship by, endorsement from, or a false association with twitter.
  * include buttons or icons from other social platforms.
  * modify tweet text.
  * use mock ups of tweets that donât exist on the platform.

###### online display / mobile, web, and beyond

weâre committed to bringing the ease and power of twitter to everyone. to
ensure every tweet is displayed optimally, we strongly encourage usingâ
[embedded tweets](/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/embedded-tweets/overview),â
[embedded timelines](/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/timelines/overview),
and/orâ [twitter kit](/en.html). when you use these products to publish
twitter content, tweets and timelines are automatically rendered correctly,
including advanced features like photos, video playback and fetching of up-to-
date twitter data without oauth. if it is not possible for you to use our
embedding features, you must follow the requirements below when displaying
tweets and timelines online.

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' viewbox='0 0
980 632'%3e%3c/svg%3e)

##### tweet author:

  * the tweet authorâs profile picture, @username, and display name must always be displayed and link to the userâs twitter profile.
  * the tweet authorâs @username must always be displayed with the â@â symbol.
  * the tweet authorâs avatar must be positioned to the left of the authorâs name and @usernameâexcept for tweets in languages that read right to left, in which case the authorâs avatar must be positioned to the right of the authorâs display name and @username.

##### tweet text:  

  * the tweet text must be displayed on a line below the authorâs display name and @username, and may not be altered or modified.
  * on touch devices, the white space around the tweet text and tweet author must link to the tweetâs permalink.
  * [tweet entities](/en/docs/media/upload-media/overview)â within the tweet text must be properly linked to their appropriate home on twitter. for example:
    * user_mentions must link to the mentioned userâs profile.
    * hashtags must link to a twitter search with the hashtag as the query.
    * links in tweet text must be displayed using the display_url field in the url entities api response, and link to the original t.co url field. see ourâ [t.co best practices article](/en/docs/basics/tco)â for additional details.

##### timestamp:  

  * the tweet timestamp must be displayed and link to the tweetâs permalink.

##### tweet actions:

  * all tweet action icons (including reply, retweet, and like) must always be visible for the user to interact with the tweet. these actions must be implemented usingâ [web intents](/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/web-intents/overview)â or with the authenticated twitter api. (to support the implementation of tweet actions, we provide severalâ [image resources](https://about.twitter.com/content/dam/about-twitter/company/brand-resources/en_us/twitter%20tweet%20treatments.zip).) in lieu of tweet actions, âview on twitterâ may be shown next to the timestamp, linking the user to the tweet permalink.
  * no other social or third party actions may be attached to a tweet. (e.g., subscribe, comment, like).
  * if the tweet being displayed is a retweet, the display name of the user who retweeted it and the retweet icon must be displayed above or under the tweet text. e.g., âretweeted by jane doeâ. the display name must link to the profile of the user who retweeted it.
  * follow [guidelines for displaying replies](/en/developer-terms/reply-requirements).

##### branding:  

  * the official twitter logo must always be reasonably visible and displayed on the upper-right corner of an individual tweet or directly attached to the timeline (e.g., top of the timeline). the logo should be the same height âxâ as in the image. see twitterâsâ [brand resources page](https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html)â for brand guidelines and assets.

##### mobile deep linking:  

  * deep links from native mobile apps must direct to the native twitter application. if the native twitter application is not installed on the device, the link must direct to twitter.com via a web browser.

##### timelines:  

  * all timelines must allow users to view the details of an individual tweet (e.g., by linking the tweet timestamp or by linking the entire tweet area).

if you plan any advertising near tweets, please ensure it complies with theâ
[developer policy](/en/developer-terms/policy).

if for any reason you cannot comply with one or more of these rules, please
contact us directly via ourâ [policy support
form](https://help.twitter.com/forms/platform)â before displaying twitter
content. for questions or further information about use of the twitter name
and trademarks, please contact trademarks@twitter.com.

###### broadcast display / 15 minutes of fame

we welcome and encourage the use of twitter in broadcast media. our
requirements ensure that twitter users receive proper attribution for their
content, and help provide the best experience for your audience.

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' viewbox='0 0
980 632'%3e%3c/svg%3e)

##### do:

  * show the userâs full name, @username, tweet text, and profile picture.
  * include the twitter logo in close proximity to the tweets for as long as they appear in your broadcast. make sure that the twitter logo is sized similarly to the size in the above image, relative to the content.
  * use the full text of the tweet.
  * when displaying images, the tweet text must also be included along with the userâs display name, @username, and the twitter logo.

##### don't:  

  * display twitter content in advertising or to imply endorsement of any product or service without explicit permission from the user.
  * delete, obscure, or alter the tweet content or identification of the user (with the exception of removing hyperlinks).
  * exclude the timestamp.
  * do not use twitter marks, in whole or in part, in the title of your production without first reviewing their use with twitter by contacting us at trademarks@twitter.com.

###### verbal or voice-over

##### tweets  

when reading tweets on air with no graphic display of the tweet, you do not
need to display the twitter logo but you do need to verbally attribute it to
twitter. read the tweet as originally written, without edits.

##### usernames  

make sure to include a reference to twitter when mentioning twitter usernames.
for example, âfollow us on twitter, at-usernameâ or âyou can follow lady
gaga on twitter, at-ladygagaâ

##### hashtags  

make sure to include a reference to twitter when mentioning twitter hashtags.
for example, âuse the hashtag âelection2016â on twitterâ or âthe
hashtag for this broadcast on twitter is bbcaqâ.

###### offline display / fit to print

when displaying tweets offline, our general principles for tweet anatomy
apply, with some minor variations.

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' viewbox='0 0
980 761'%3e%3c/svg%3e)

##### do:

  * show display name, @username, unmodified tweet text, profile picture (where possible), timestamp and the twitter logo in the upper-right corner.
  * display the associated tweet and attribution with images or media.

##### don't:  

  * modify the tweet text with the exception of removing hyperlinks.
  * include buttons or icons from other social media platforms.

[ developer agreement, policy & terms ](/en/more/developer-terms.html
"developer agreement, policy & terms")

[ follow @twitterdev ](http://twitter.com/twitterdev "follow @twitterdev")

[ subscribe to developer news ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/twitterdev-
news-subscription)

####  twitter platform

  * [ twitter.com ](https://twitter.com/ "twitter.com")
  * [ status ](https://status.twitterstat.us/ "status")
  * [ card validator ](https://cards-dev.twitter.com/validator "card validator")
  * [ privacy center ](https://privacy.twitter.com/ "privacy center")
  * [ transparency center ](https://transparency.twitter.com/ "transparency center")

####  twitter, inc.

  * [ about the company ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/our-company.html "about the company")
  * [ twitter for good ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/twitter-for-good.html "twitter for good")
  * [ company news ](https://blog.twitter.com/ "company news")
  * [ brand toolkit ](https://about.twitter.com/en/who-we-are/brand-toolkit.html "brand toolkit")
  * [ jobs and internships ](https://careers.twitter.com/ "jobs and internships")
  * [ investors ](https://investor.twitterinc.com/ "investors")

####  help

  * [ help center ](https://help.twitter.com/ "help center")
  * [ using twitter ](https://help.twitter.com/en/using-twitter "using twitter")
  * [ twitter media ](https://media.twitter.com/ "twitter media")
  * [ ads help center ](https://business.twitter.com/en/help.html "ads help center")
  * [ managing your account ](https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account "managing your account")
  * [ safety and security ](https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security "safety and security")
  * [ rules and policies ](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies "rules and policies")
  * [ contact us ](https://help.twitter.com/contact-us "contact us")

####  developer resources

  * [ developer home ](https://developer.twitter.com/en "developer home")
  * [ documentation ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs "documentation")
  * [ forums ](https://twittercommunity.com/ "forums")
  * [ communities ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/community "communities")
  * [ developer blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/developer/ "developer blog")
  * [ engineering blog ](https://blog.twitter.com/engineering/en_us.html "engineering blog")
  * [ developer terms ](https://developer.twitter.com/en/more/developer-terms "developer terms")

####  business resources

  * [ advertise ](https://business.twitter.com/en/advertising.html "advertise")
  * [ twitter for business ](https://business.twitter.com/ "twitter for business")
  * [ resources and guides ](https://business.twitter.com/en/resources.html "resources and guides")
  * [ twitter for marketers ](https://marketing.twitter.com/ "twitter for marketers")
  * [ marketing insights ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/insights "marketing insights")
  * [ brand inspiration ](https://marketing.twitter.com/en/success-stories "brand inspiration")
  * [ twitter data ](https://data.twitter.com/ "twitter data")
  * [ twitter flight school ](https://www.twitterflightschool.com/sl/382652bc "twitter flight school")

(c) 2021 twitter, inc.

[ cookies ](https://help.twitter.com/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
"cookies")

[ privacy ](https://twitter.com/privacy "privacy")

[ terms and conditions ](https://twitter.com/tos "terms and conditions")

language

  * [ developer ](/en/developer-terms/display-requirements)

by using twitterâs services you agree to our [cookies
use](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies). we use
cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.

  * ok

this page and certain other twitter sites place and read third party cookies
on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting
of ads. through these cookies,
_[google](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)_ ,
_[linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy)_ and
_[demandbase](https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/)_ collect personal
data about you for their own purposes.  _[learn
more](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies)_.  
  

  * accept
  * decline

