twitter terms of service

  * [download: twitter user agreement](https://cdn.cms-twdigitalassets.com/content/dam/legal-twitter/site-assets/tos-oct-14th-2020/twitter_user_agreement_en.pdf)
  *     * if you live outside the european union, efta states, or united kingdom 
    * if you live in the european union, efta states, or united kingdom 
    * [ download: twitter user agreement ](https://cdn.cms-twdigitalassets.com/content/dam/legal-twitter/site-assets/tos-oct-14th-2020/twitter_user_agreement_en.pdf)

# twitter terms of service

goglobalwithtwitterbanner

**if you live outside the european union, efta states, or the united kingdom,
including if you live in the united states,** the twitter user agreement
comprises theseâ [terms of service](/en/tos#update), our [privacy
policy](https://twitter.com/privacy), the [twitter rules and
policies](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies#twitter-rules), and
all incorporated policies

**if you live in the european union, efta states, or the united kingdom,** the
twitter user agreement comprises theseâ [terms of
service](/en/tos?wcmmode=disabled#intlterms), our [privacy
policy](https://twitter.com/privacy), the [twitter rules and
policies](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies#twitter-rules), and
all incorporated policies.





### twitter terms of service

##### if you live outside the european union, efta states, or the united
kingdom, including if you live in the united states

these terms of service (âtermsâ) govern your access to and use of our
services, including our various websites, sms, apis, email notifications,
applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our [other covered
services](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-services-and-
corporate-affiliates) (<https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-
policies/twitter-services-and-corporate-affiliates>) that link to these terms
(collectively, the âservicesâ), and any information, text, links,
graphics, photos, audio, videos, or other materials or arrangements of
materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the services (collectively
referred to as âcontentâ). by using the services you agree to be bound by
these terms.

  * 1\. who may use the services
  * 2\. privacy
  * 3\. content on the services
  * 4\. using the services
  * 5\. disclaimers and limitations of liability
  * 6\. general



  * 1\. who may use the services
  * 2\. privacy
  * 3\. content on the services
  * 4\. using the services
  * 5\. disclaimers and limitations of liability
  * 6\. general



### 1\. who may use the services

you may use the services only if you agree to form a binding contract with
twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of
the applicable jurisdiction. in any case, you must be at least 13 years old,
or in the case of periscope 16 years old, to use the services. if you are
accepting these terms and using the services on behalf of a company,
organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant
that you are authorized to do so and have the authority to bind such entity to
these terms, in which case the words âyouâ and âyourâ as used in these
terms shall refer to such entity.



### 2\. privacy

our [privacy policy](https://twitter.com/privacy)
(<https://www.twitter.com/privacy>) describes how we handle the information
you provide to us when you use our services. you understand that through your
use of the services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the
privacy policy) of this information, including the transfer of this
information to the united states, ireland, and/or other countries for storage,
processing and use by twitter and its affiliates.



### 3\. content on the services

you are responsible for your use of the services and for any content you
provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
you should only provide content that you are comfortable sharing with others.

any use or reliance on any content or materials posted via the services or
obtained by you through the services is at your own risk. we do not endorse,
support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or
reliability of any content or communications posted via the services or
endorse any opinions expressed via the services. you understand that by using
the services, you may be exposed to content that might be offensive, harmful,
inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have
been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. all content is the sole
responsibility of the person who originated such content. we may not monitor
or control the content posted via the services and, we cannot take
responsibility for such content.

we reserve the right to remove content that violates the user agreement,
including for example, copyright or trademark violations or other intellectual
property misappropriation, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment.
information regarding specific policies and the process for reporting or
appealing violations can be found in our help center
(<https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-report-
violation#specific-violations> and <https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-
account/suspended-twitter-accounts>).

if you believe that your content has been copied in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our copyright reporting
form (<https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca>) or contacting our designated
copyright agent at:

twitter, inc.  
attn: copyright agent  
1355 market street, suite 900  
san francisco, ca 94103  
reports:[
https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca](https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca)  
email: [copyright@twitter.com](mailto:copyright@pscp.tv)  
(for content on twitter)

twitter, inc.  
attn: copyright agent - periscope  
1355 market street, suite 900  
san francisco, ca 94103  
reports: <https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca>[  
](https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca)email:
[copyright@pscp.tv](mailto:copyright@pscp.tv)  
(for content on periscope)

# your rights and grant of rights in the content

you retain your rights to any content you submit, post or display on or
through the services. whatâs yours is yours â you own your content (and
your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the
content).  

by submitting, posting or displaying content on or through the services, you
grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to
sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish,
transmit, display and distribute such content in any and all media or
distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights
include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). this license
authorizes us to make your content available to the rest of the world and to
let others do the same. you agree that this license includes the right for
twitter to provide, promote, and improve the services and to make content
submitted to or through the services available to other companies,
organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution,
retweet, promotion or publication of such content on other media and services,
subject to our terms and conditions for such content use. such additional uses
by twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no
compensation paid to you with respect to the content that you submit, post,
transmit or otherwise make available through the services as the use of the
services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the
content and grant of rights herein.

twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact
with your content on the services. these rules exist to enable an open
ecosystem with your rights in mind. you understand that we may modify or adapt
your content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us
and our partners and/or make changes to your content in order to adapt the
content to different media.

you represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights,
licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the
rights granted herein for any content that you submit, post or display on or
through the services. you agree that such content will not contain material
subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary
permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant
twitter the license described above.



### 4\. using the services

please review the [twitter rules and
policies](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies#twitter-rules) (and,
for periscope, the [periscope community
guidelines](https://www.pscp.tv/content) at <https://www.pscp.tv/content>),
which are part of the user agreement and outline what is prohibited on the
services. you may use the services only in compliance with these terms and all
applicable laws, rules and regulations.

our services evolve constantly. as such, the services may change from time to
time, at our discretion. we may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing
the services or any features within the services to you or to users generally.
we also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole
discretion at any time. we may also remove or refuse to distribute any content
on the services, limit distribution or visibility of any content on the
service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability
to you.

in consideration for twitter granting you access to and use of the services,
you agree that twitter and its third-party providers and partners may place
advertising on the services or in connection with the display of content or
information from the services whether submitted by you or others. you also
agree not to misuse our services, for example, by interfering with them or
accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions
that we provide. you may not do any of the following while accessing or using
the services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the
services, twitterâs computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of
twitterâs providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any
system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication
measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the services
by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently
available, published interfaces that are provided by twitter (and only
pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been
specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with twitter (note:
crawling the services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions
of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the services without the prior
consent of twitter is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any tcp/ip packet
header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in
any way use the services to send altered, deceptive or false source-
identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do
so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation,
sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the services,
or by scripting the creation of content in such a manner as to interfere with
or create an undue burden on the services. we also reserve the right to
access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe
is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or
governmental request, (ii) enforce the terms, including investigation of
potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address
fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or
(v) protect the rights, property or safety of twitter, its users and the
public. twitter does not disclose personally-identifying information to third
parties except in accordance with our [privacy
policy](https://twitter.com/privacy).

if you use developer features of the services, including but not limited to
[twitter for websites](https://developer.twitter.com/docs/twitter-for-
websites/overview) (<https://developer.twitter.com/docs/twitter-for-
websites/overview>), [twitter cards
](https://developer.twitter.com/docs/tweets/optimize-with-
cards/guides/getting-
started)(<https://developer.twitter.com/docs/tweets/optimize-with-
cards/guides/getting-started>), [public api
](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs)(<https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs>),
or [sign in with
twitter](https://developer.twitter.com/docs/basics/authentication/guides/log-
in-with-twitter)
(<https://developer.twitter.com/docs/basics/authentication/guides/log-in-with-
twitter>), you agree to our [developer
agreement](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement)
(<https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement>) and [developer
policy](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy)
(<https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy>). if you want to
reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer,
publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the services or
content on the services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we
provide, except as permitted through the twitter services, these terms, or the
terms provided on <https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms>.â if you
are a security researcher, you are required to comply with the rules of the
twitter [vulnerability reporting program](https://hackerone.com/twitter)
(<https://hackerone.com/twitter>). the requirements set out in the preceding
paragraph may not apply to those participating in twitterâs vulnerability
reporting program.

if you use advertising features of the services, you must agree to our
[twitter master services agreement](https://ads.twitter.com/terms)
(<https://ads.twitter.com/terms>).

if you use super hearts, coins, or stars on periscope, you must agree to our
[super hearts terms](https://legal.twitter.com/en/periscope/super/terms.html)
(<https://legal.twitter.com/en/periscope/super/terms.html>).

# your account

you may need to create an account to use some of our services. you are
responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit
its use to this account. we cannot and will not be liable for any loss or
damage arising from your failure to comply with the above.  

you can control most communications from the services. we may need to provide
you with certain communications, such as service announcements and
administrative messages. these communications are considered part of the
services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving
them. if you added your phone number to your account and you later change or
deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help
prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number.

# your license to use the services

twitter gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-
exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the services.
this license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit
of the services as provided by twitter, in the manner permitted by these
terms.  

the services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the
united states and other countries. nothing in the terms gives you a right to
use the twitter name or any of the twitter trademarks, logos, domain names,
other distinctive brand features, and other proprietary rights. all right,
title, and interest in and to the services (excluding content provided by
users) are and will remain the exclusive property of twitter and its
licensors. any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding
twitter, or the services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such
feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to
you.

# ending these terms

you may end your legal agreement with twitter at any time by deactivating your
accounts and discontinuing your use of the services. see
<https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/how-to-deactivate-twitter-
account> (and for periscope,
<https://help.pscp.tv/customer/portal/articles/2460220>) for instructions on
how to deactivate your account and the privacy policy for more information on
what happens to your information.

we may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or
part of the services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not
limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these terms or
the[ twitter rules and policies](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-
policies#twitter-rules) or [periscope community
guidelines](https://www.pscp.tv/content), (ii) you create risk or possible
legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to unlawful
conduct, (iv) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or
(v) our provision of the services to you is no longer commercially viable. we
will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated
with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account,
depending on the circumstances. in all such cases, the terms shall terminate,
including, without limitation, your license to use the services, except that
the following sections shall continue to apply: ii, iii, v, and vi. if you
believe your account was terminated in error you can file an appeal following
the steps found in our [help
center](https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended)
([https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended](https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended)).
for the avoidance of doubt, these terms survive the deactivation or
termination of your account.



### 5\. disclaimers and limitations of liability

# the services are available "as-is"

your access to and use of the services or any content are at your own risk.
you understand and agree that the services are provided to you on an âas
isâ and âas availableâ basis. the âtwitter entitiesâ refers to
twitter, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors,
employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors. without limiting
the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the
twitter entities disclaim all warranties and conditions, whether express or
implied, of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-
infringement. the twitter entities make no warranty or representation and
disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy,
availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the services or any
content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm
that results from your access to or use of the services or any content; (iii)
the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any content and other
communications maintained by the services; and (iv) whether the services will
meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-
free basis. no advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from
the twitter entities or through the services, will create any warranty or
representation not expressly made herein.  

# limitation of liability

to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the twitter entities shall
not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive
damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or
indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses,
resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the
services; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the services,
including without limitation, any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of
other users or third parties; (iii) any content obtained from the services; or
(iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content.
in no event shall the aggregate liability of the twitter entities exceed the
greater of one hundred u.s. dollars (u.s. $100.00) or the amount you paid
twitter, if any, in the past six months for the services giving rise to the
claim. the limitations of this subsection shall apply to any theory of
liability, whether based on warranty, contract, statute, tort (including
negligence) or otherwise, and whether or not the twitter entities have been
informed of the possibility of any such damage, and even if a remedy set forth
herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.  



### 6\. general

we may revise these terms from time to time. the changes will not be
retroactive, and the most current version of the terms, which will always be
at [twitter.com/tos](https://twitter.com/en/tos), will govern our relationship
with you. we will try to notify you of material revisions, for example via a
service notification or an email to the email associated with your account. by
continuing to access or use the services after those revisions become
effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.  

the laws of the state of california, excluding its choice of law provisions,
will govern these terms and any dispute that arises between you and twitter.
all disputes related to these terms or the services will be brought solely in
the federal or state courts located in san francisco county, california,
united states, and you consent to personal jurisdiction and waive any
objection as to inconvenient forum.  

if you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the united states
using the services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the
controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do
not apply to you. for such u.s. federal government entities, these terms and
any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the united states
of america (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of
federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the
state of california (excluding choice of law).

in the event that any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these terms will
remain in full force and effect. twitterâs failure to enforce any right or
provision of these terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or
provision.

these terms are an agreement between you and twitter, inc., 1355 market
street, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103 u.s.a. if you have any questions
about these terms, please contact [us](https://help.twitter.com/forms "contact
us").

**effective:** â june 18, 2020  

[archive of previous terms](/en/tos/previous)







### twitter terms of service

##### if you live in the european union, efta states, or the united kingdom

these terms of service (âtermsâ) govern your access to and use of our
services, including our various websites, sms, apis, email notifications,
applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered
services (<https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-services-
and-corporate-affiliates>) that link to these terms (collectively, the
âservicesâ), and any information, text, links, graphics, photos, audio,
videos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded
or appearing on the services (collectively referred to as âcontentâ). by
using the services you agree to be bound by these terms.

  * 1\. who may use the services
  * 2\. privacy
  * 3\. content on the services
  * 4\. using the services
  * 5\. limitations of liability
  * 6\. general



  * 1\. who may use the services
  * 2\. privacy
  * 3\. content on the services
  * 4\. using the services
  * 5\. limitations of liability
  * 6\. general



### 1\. who may use the services

you may use the services only if you agree to form a binding contract with
twitter and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of
the applicable jurisdiction. in any case, you must be at least 13 years old,
or in the case of periscope 16 years old, to use the services. if you are
accepting these terms and using the services on behalf of a company,
organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant
that you are authorized to do so and have the authority to bind such entity to
these terms, in which case the words âyouâ and âyourâ as used in these
terms shall refer to such entity.  



### 2\. privacy

our [privacy policy](https://twitter.com/privacy)
(<https://www.twitter.com/privacy>) describes how we handle the information
you provide to us when you use our services. you understand that through your
use of the services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the
privacy policy) of this information, including the transfer of this
information to the united states, ireland, and/or other countries for storage,
processing and use by twitter and its affiliates.



### 3\. content on the services

you are responsible for your use of the services and for any content you
provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
you should only provide content that you are comfortable sharing with others.

any use or reliance on any content or materials posted via the services or
obtained by you through the services is at your own risk. we do not endorse,
support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or
reliability of any content or communications posted via the services or
endorse any opinions expressed via the services. you understand that by using
the services, you may be exposed to content that might be offensive, harmful,
inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have
been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. all content is the sole
responsibility of the person who originated such content. we may not monitor
or control the content posted via the services and, we cannot take
responsibility for such content.

we reserve the right to remove content that violates the user agreement,
including for example, copyright or trademark violations or other intellectual
property misappropriation, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment.
information regarding specific policies and the process for reporting or
appealing violations can be found in our help center
(<https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-report-
violation#specific-violations> and <https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-
account/suspended-twitter-accounts>).

if you believe that your content has been copied in a way that constitutes
copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our copyright reporting
form (<https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca>) or contacting our designated
copyright agent at:

twitter, inc.  
attn: copyright agent  
1355 market street, suite 900  
san francisco, ca 94103  
reports:[
https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca](https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca)  
email: [copyright@twitter.com](mailto:copyright@pscp.tv)  
(for content on twitter)

twitter, inc.  
attn: copyright agent - periscope  
1355 market street, suite 900  
san francisco, ca 94103  
reports: <https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca>[  
](https://help.twitter.com/forms/dmca)email:
[copyright@pscp.tv](mailto:copyright@pscp.tv)  
(for content on periscope)

# your rights and grant of rights in the content

you retain your rights to any content you submit, post or display on or
through the services. whatâs yours is yours â you own your content (and
your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the
content).

by submitting, posting or displaying content on or through the services, you
grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to
sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish,
transmit, display and distribute such content in any and all media or
distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights
include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). this license
authorizes us to make your content available to the rest of the world and to
let others do the same. you agree that this license includes the right for
twitter to provide, promote, and improve the services and to make content
submitted to or through the services available to other companies,
organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution,
retweet, promotion or publication of such content on other media and services,
subject to our terms and conditions for such content use. such additional uses
by twitter, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no
compensation paid to you with respect to the content that you submit, post,
transmit or otherwise make available through the services as the use of the
services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the
content and grant of rights herein.

twitter has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact
with your content on the services. these rules exist to enable an open
ecosystem with your rights in mind. you understand that we may modify or adapt
your content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us
and our partners and/or make changes to your content in order to adapt the
content to different media.

you represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights,
licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the
rights granted herein for any content that you submit, post or display on or
through the services. you agree that such content will not contain material
subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary
permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant
twitter the license described above.



### 4\. using the services

please review the [twitter rules and
policies](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies#twitter-rules) (and,
for periscope, the [periscope community
guidelines](https://www.pscp.tv/content) at
[https://pscp.tv/content](https://www.pscp.tv/content)), which are part of the
user agreement and outline what is prohibited on the services. you may use the
services only in compliance with these terms and all applicable laws, rules
and regulations.

our services evolve constantly. as such, the services may change from time to
time, at our discretion. we may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing
the services or any features within the services to you or to users generally.
we also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole
discretion at any time. we may also remove or refuse to distribute any content
on the services, limit distribution or visibility of any content on the
service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability
to you.

in consideration for twitter granting you access to and use of the services,
you agree that twitter and its third-party providers and partners may place
advertising on the services or in connection with the display of content or
information from the services whether submitted by you or others. you also
agree not to misuse our services, for example, by interfering with them or
accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions
that we provide. you may not do any of the following while accessing or using
the services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the
services, twitterâs computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of
twitterâs providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any
system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication
measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the services
by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently
available, published interfaces that are provided by twitter (and only
pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been
specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with twitter (note:
crawling the services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions
of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the services without the prior
consent of twitter is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any tcp/ip packet
header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in
any way use the services to send altered, deceptive or false source-
identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do
so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation,
sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the services,
or by scripting the creation of content in such a manner as to interfere with
or create an undue burden on the services. we also reserve the right to
access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe
is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or
governmental request, (ii) enforce the terms, including investigation of
potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address
fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or
(v) protect the rights, property or safety of twitter, its users and the
public. twitter does not disclose personally-identifying information to third
parties except in accordance with our [privacy
policy](https://twitter.com/privacy).

if you use developer features of the services, including but not limited to
[twitter for websites](https://developer.twitter.com/docs/twitter-for-
websites/overview) (<https://developer.twitter.com/docs/twitter-for-
websites/overview>), [twitter cards
](https://developer.twitter.com/docs/tweets/optimize-with-
cards/guides/getting-
started)(<https://developer.twitter.com/docs/tweets/optimize-with-
cards/guides/getting-started>), [public api
](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs)(<https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs>),
or [sign in with
twitter](https://developer.twitter.com/docs/basics/authentication/guides/log-
in-with-twitter)
(<https://developer.twitter.com/docs/basics/authentication/guides/log-in-with-
twitter>), you agree to our [developer agreement
](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-
terms/agreement)(<https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/agreement>)
and [developer policy](https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-
terms/policy) (<https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms/policy>). if
you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell,
transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the
services or content on the services, you must use the interfaces and
instructions we provide, except as permitted through the twitter services,
these terms, or the terms provided on
<https://developer.twitter.com/en/developer-terms>.â if you are a security
researcher, you are required to comply with the rules of the twitter
[vulnerability reporting program](https://hackerone.com/twitter)
(<https://hackerone.com/twitter>).â the requirements set out in the preceding
paragraph may not apply to those participating in twitterâs vulnerability
reporting program.

if you use advertising features of the services, you must agree to our
[twitter master services agreement](https://ads.twitter.com/terms)
(<https://ads.twitter.com/terms>).

if you use super hearts, coins, or stars on periscope, you agree to our [super
hearts terms](https://legal.twitter.com/en/periscope/super/terms.html)
(<https://legal.twitter.com/en/periscope/super/terms.html>).

# your account

you may need to create an account to use some of our services. you are
responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit
its use to this account. we cannot and will not be liable for any loss or
damage arising from your failure to comply with the above.  

you can control most communications from the services. we may need to provide
you with certain communications, such as service announcements and
administrative messages. these communications are considered part of the
services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving
them. if you added your phone number to your account and you later change or
deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help
prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number.

# your license to use the services

twitter gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-
exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the services.
this license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit
of the services as provided by twitter, in the manner permitted by these
terms.  

the services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the
united states and other countries. nothing in the terms gives you a right to
use the twitter name or any of the twitter trademarks, logos, domain names,
other distinctive brand features, and other proprietary rights. all right,
title, and interest in and to the services (excluding content provided by
users) are and will remain the exclusive property of twitter and its
licensors. any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding
twitter, or the services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such
feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to
you.

#### ending these terms

you may end your legal agreement with twitter at any time by deactivating your
accounts and discontinuing your use of the services. see
<https://help.twitter.com/en/managing-your-account/how-to-deactivate-twitter-
account> (and for periscope,
<https://help.pscp.tv/customer/portal/articles/2460220>) for instructions on
how to deactivate your account and the privacy policy for more information on
what happens to your information.

we may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or
part of the services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not
limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these terms or
the[ twitter rules and policies](https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-
policies#twitter-rules) or [periscope community
guidelines](https://www.pscp.tv/content), (ii) you create risk or possible
legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to unlawful
conduct, (iv) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or
(v) our provision of the services to you is no longer commercially viable. we
will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated
with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account,
depending on the circumstances. in all such cases, the terms shall terminate,
including, without limitation, your license to use the services, except that
the following sections shall continue to apply: ii, iii, v, and vi. if you
believe your account was terminated in error you can file an appeal following
the steps found in our [help
center](https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended)
([https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended](https://help.twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended)).
for the avoidance of doubt, these terms survive the deactivation or
termination of your account.



### 5\. limitations of liability

by using the services you agree that twitter, its parents, affiliates, related
companies, officers, directors, employees, agents representatives, partners
and licensors, liability is limited to the maximum extent permissible in your
country of residence.  



### 6\. general

we may revise these terms from time to time. the changes will not be
retroactive, and the most current version of the terms, which will always be
at [twitter.com/tos](https://twitter.com/en/tos), will govern our relationship
with you. other than for changes addressing new functions or made for legal
reasons, we will notify you 30 days in advance of making effective changes to
these terms that impact the rights or obligations of any party to these terms,
for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated
with your account. by continuing to access or use the services after those
revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.

in the event that any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these terms will
remain in full force and effect. twitterâs failure to enforce any right or
provision of these terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or
provision.

these terms are an agreement between you and twitter international company
(co. number 503351, vat number ie9803175q), an irish company with its
registered office at one cumberland place, fenian street dublin 2, d02 ax07
ireland. if you have any questions about these terms, please contact
[us](https://help.twitter.com/forms).

**effective:** â june 18, 2020

[archive of previous terms](/en/tos/previous)

(c) 2021 twitter, inc.

[ cookies ](https://help.twitter.com/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
"cookies")

[ privacy ](https://twitter.com/privacy "privacy")

[ terms and conditions ](https://twitter.com/tos "terms and conditions")

[ english  ](/en/tos)

[ english ](/content/twitter-com/legal/en.html)

  * [ english ](/en/tos)
  * [ italian ](/it/tos)
  * [ german ](/de/tos)
  * [ spanish ](/es/tos)
  * [ french ](/fr/tos)
  * [ japanese ](/ja/tos)
  * [ korean ](/ko/tos)
  * [ portuguese ](/pt/tos)
  * [ russian ](/ru/tos)

