skip to main content

[ ![logo for
webmd](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/logos/webmd/web/webmd_logo.svg)
](//www.webmd.com)

![logo for
webmd](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/logos/webmd/web/webmd_logo.svg)

  * [coronavirus update](//www.webmd.com/coronavirus)
  * [check your symptoms](//symptoms.webmd.com/default.htm)
  * [find a doctor](//doctor.webmd.com/)
  * [find a dentist](//doctor.webmd.com/dental)
  * [connect to care](//www.webmd.com/connect-to-care/default.htm)
  * [find lowest drug prices](//www.webmd.com/rx)

  * [health  
a-z](//www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/common-topics/default.htm) health a-z

[health a-z](//www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/common-topics/default.htm)

common conditions

    * [add/adhd](https://www.webmd.com/add-adhd/default.htm)
    * [allergies](https://www.webmd.com/allergies/default.htm)
    * [arthritis](https://www.webmd.com/arthritis/default.htm)
    * [cancer](https://www.webmd.com/cancer/default.htm)
    * [coronavirus (covid-19)](https://www.webmd.com/coronavirus)
    * [depression](https://www.webmd.com/depression/default.htm)
    * [diabetes](https://www.webmd.com/diabetes/default.htm)
    * [eye health](https://www.webmd.com/eye-health/default.htm)
    * [heart disease](https://www.webmd.com/heart-disease/default.htm)
    * [lung disease](https://www.webmd.com/lung/default.htm)
    * [orthopedics](https://www.webmd.com/orthopedics/default.htm)
    * [pain management](https://www.webmd.com/pain-management/default.htm)
    * [sexual conditions](https://www.webmd.com/sexual-conditions/default.htm)
    * [skin problems](https://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/default.htm)
    * [sleep disorders](https://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/default.htm)
    * [view all](https://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/common-topics/default.htm)

resources

    * [symptom checker](https://symptoms.webmd.com/default.htm)
    * [webmd blogs](https://blogs.webmd.com/default.htm)
    * [podcasts](https://www.webmd.com/podcasts/default.htm)
    * [newsletters](https://member.webmd.com/subscribe)
    * [questions & answers](https://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/qa)
    * [insurance guide](https://www.webmd.com/health-insurance/default.htm)
    * [find a doctor](https://doctor.webmd.com/home)
    * [children's conditions a-z](https://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/childrens-conditions)
    * [surgeries and procedures a-z](https://www.webmd.com/a-to-z-guides/surgeries-procedures)

featured topics

    * [ ![woman experiencing chest discomfort](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/other/woman_experiencing_chest_discomfort_other/1800x1200_woman_experiencing_chest_discomfort_other.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/coronavirus/coronavirus-assessment/default.htm) symptom checker [covid-19: check your symptoms now](https://www.webmd.com/coronavirus/coronavirus-assessment/default.htm)
    * [ ![photo of migraine](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/articles/health_tools/headache_types_slideshow/1800ss_getty_rf_migraine.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/migraines-headaches/ss/slideshow-migraine-overview) slideshow [get help for migraine relief](https://www.webmd.com/migraines-headaches/ss/slideshow-migraine-overview)
  * [drugs &  
supplements](//www.webmd.com/drugs/index-drugs.aspx) drugs & supplements

[drugs & supplements](//www.webmd.com/drugs/index-drugs.aspx)

find & review

    * [drugs](https://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/index)
    * [supplements](https://www.webmd.com/vitamins/index)

drug basics & safety

    * [commonly abused drugs](https://www.webmd.com/mental-health/addiction/ss/slideshow-commonly-abused-drugs)
    * [taking meds when pregnant](https://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/taking-medicine-during-pregnancy)

tools

    * [manage your medications](https://www.webmd.com/my-medicine/default.htm)
    * [pill identifier](https://www.webmd.com/pill-identification/default.htm)
    * [check for interactions](https://www.webmd.com/interaction-checker/default.htm)
    * [drug comparison tool](https://www.webmd.com/drugs/compare)

featured topics

    * [ ![assorted vitamins](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/other/vitamins_alt11_other/110x70_vitamins_alt11_other.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/healthy-aging/ss/slideshow-aging-vitamins-older-people) slideshow [vitamins you need as you age](https://www.webmd.com/healthy-aging/ss/slideshow-aging-vitamins-older-people)
    * [ ![berry and yogurt on spoon](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/quizzes/probiotcs_rmq/110x70_probiotcs_rmq.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/vitamins-and-supplements/ss/slideshow-digestive-health) slideshow [supplements for better digestion](https://www.webmd.com/vitamins-and-supplements/ss/slideshow-digestive-health)
  * [living   
healthy](//www.webmd.com/living-healthy) living healthy

[living healthy](//www.webmd.com/living-healthy)

diet, food & fitness

    * [diet & weight management](https://www.webmd.com/diet/default.htm)
    * [weight loss & obesity](https://www.webmd.com/diet/obesity/default.htm)
    * [food & recipes](https://www.webmd.com/food-recipes/default.htm)
    * [fitness & exercise](https://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/default.htm)

beauty & balance

    * [healthy beauty](https://www.webmd.com/beauty/default.htm)
    * [health & balance](https://www.webmd.com/balance/default.htm)
    * [sex & relationships](https://www.webmd.com/sex-relationships/default.htm)
    * [oral care](https://www.webmd.com/oral-health/default.htm)

living well

    * [women's health](https://www.webmd.com/women/default.htm)
    * [men's health](https://www.webmd.com/men/default.htm)
    * [aging well](https://www.webmd.com/healthy-aging/default.htm)
    * [healthy sleep](https://www.webmd.com/sleep-disorders/default.htm)
    * [healthy teens](https://teens.webmd.com/default.htm)

featured topics

    * [ ![grocery cart](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/features/_2016/10_2016/diabetes_grocery_shopping_features/110x70_diabetes_grocery_shopping_features.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/diabetes/features/diabetes-grocery-shopping) article [smart grocery shopping when you have diabetes](https://www.webmd.com/diabetes/features/diabetes-grocery-shopping)
    * [ ![walking sneakers](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/rich_media_quiz/topic/rmq_benefits_of_walking/405rmq_thinkstock_woman_walking_sneakers.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/rm-quiz-benefits-walking) quiz [do you know the benefits of walking?](https://www.webmd.com/fitness-exercise/rm-quiz-benefits-walking)
  * [family &  
pregnancy](//www.webmd.com/family-pregnancy) family & pregnancy

[family & pregnancy](//www.webmd.com/family-pregnancy)

all about pregnancy

    * [getting pregnant](https://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/getting-pregnant)
    * [first trimester](https://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/first-trimester)
    * [second trimester](https://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/health-baby-second-trimester)
    * [third trimester](https://www.webmd.com/baby/guide/third-trimester)
    * [view all](https://www.webmd.com/baby/default.htm)

parenting guide

    * [newborn & baby](https://www.webmd.com/parenting/baby/default.htm)
    * [children's health](https://www.webmd.com/children/default.htm)
    * [children's vaccines](https://www.webmd.com/children/vaccines/default.htm)
    * [raising fit kids](https://www.webmd.com/parenting/raising-fit-kids/default.htm)
    * [view all](https://www.webmd.com/parenting/default.htm)

pet care essentials

    * [healthy cats](https://pets.webmd.com/cats/default.htm)
    * [healthy dogs](https://pets.webmd.com/dogs/default.htm)
    * [view all](https://pets.webmd.com/default.htm)

featured topics

    * [ ![apple slices and peanut butter](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/articles/health_tools/pregnancy_snacks_slideshow/thinkstock_rf_apple_slices_and_peanut_butter.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/baby/ss/slideshow-pregnancy-snacks) slideshow [smart snacks when you're pregnant](https://www.webmd.com/baby/ss/slideshow-pregnancy-snacks)
    * [ ![photo of dogs kissing](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/slideshows/surprises_about_dogs_and_cats_slideshow/1800x1200_surprises_about_dogs_and_cats_slideshow.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://pets.webmd.com/ss/slideshow-surprising-things-about-dogs-and-cats) slideshow [surprising things you didn't know about dogs and cats](https://pets.webmd.com/ss/slideshow-surprising-things-about-dogs-and-cats)
  * [news &  
experts](//www.webmd.com/news/default.htm) news & experts

[news & experts](//www.webmd.com/news/default.htm)

health news

    * [coronavirus news & updates](https://www.webmd.com/coronavirus)
    * [covid-19 vaccines -- latest updates here](https://www.webmd.com/vaccines/covid-19-vaccine/default.htm)
    * [covid-19: check your symptoms now](https://www.webmd.com/coronavirus/coronavirus-assessment/default.htm)
    * [coronavirus in context: interviews with experts](https://www.webmd.com/special-reports/coronavirus-in-context/default.htm)
    * [social distancing, quarantine explained](https://www.webmd.com/lung/coronavirus-isolation)

experts & community

    * [webmd blogs](https://blogs.webmd.com/default.htm)
    * [news center](https://www.webmd.com/news/default.htm)

featured topics

    * [ ![photo of coronavirus cell](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/news/2020/03_2020/covid19/1800x1200_covid19_54.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20210127/coronavirus-2020-outbreak-latest-updates) webmd news [get the latest covid-19 news here](https://www.webmd.com/lung/news/20210127/coronavirus-2020-outbreak-latest-updates)
    * [ ![photo of person typing](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/articles/health_tools/guide_raynauds_phenomenon_slideshow/1800ss_getty_rf_typing.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-quality=50) ](https://www.webmd.com/subscribe?pg=1166&wnl_cov_web_cons_nl-mast) newsletters [sign up to receive our free coroanvirus newsletter](https://www.webmd.com/subscribe?pg=1166&wnl_cov_web_cons_nl-mast)
  * [mobile apps](//www.webmd.com/mobile)
  * [subscriptions](https://member.webmd.com/subscribe)

  * [sign in](https://member.webmd.com/signin)
  * [subscribe](https://member.webmd.com/subscribe)
  * my profile
    * [my tools](https://member.webmd.com/applications.aspx)
    * [my webmd pages](https://member.webmd.com/bookmarks.aspx)
    * [my account](https://member.webmd.com/profile.aspx)
    * [sign out](https://www.webmd.com/signout.asp)

### about us

  * [who we are](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-who-we-are)
  * [what we do for our users](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-what-we-do-for-our-users)
  * [awards and recognition](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/awards)

### policies

  * [advertising policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-advertising-policy)
  * [cookie policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/cookie-policy)
  * [corrections policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/webmd-corrections-policies)
  * [editorial policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-editorial-policy)
  * [privacy policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-privacy-policy)
  * [our sponsors](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-our-sponsors)
  * [terms and conditions of use](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-terms-and-conditions-of-use)

### important information & faqs

  * [site security](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/your-info)
  * [spam faqs](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-spam)
  * [how to change your profile settings](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/profile)
  * [about passwords](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-passwords)

### customer care

  * [contact us](https://customercare.webmd.com/hc/en-us)

  * [ about webmd ](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/default.htm)

# webmd privacy policy

webmd understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our
users. this privacy policy will tell you what information we collect about you
and about your use of webmd and its services. it will explain the choices you
have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that
information. we urge you to read this privacy policy carefully.

this privacy policy applies to websites owned and operated by webmd that are
intended for use by consumers (non-professionals) for non-commercial personal,
family or household purposes, including webmd.com, medicinenet.com,
rxlist.com, onhealth.com, and emedicinehealth.com and including the mobile
optimized versions of these sites and our mobile device applications or "apps"
(we refer to these sites and apps collectively as the “webmd sites”). we refer
to the webmd sites and apps, along with the information and services made
available to you through the webmd sites and apps, as the “services.”

this privacy policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the webmd
health manager product. however, if you are an employee or health plan member
who has enabled access to your health record at webmd.com by registering at
your employer's or health plan's website, the privacy policy applicable to
your information at your employer's or health plan's website remains
applicable to your personal health record at webmd.com. if your employer or
health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or
health plan, you will continue to have access to your health information from
webmd.com, using the same username and password, but will be subject to this
privacy policy.

except where noted, statements in this privacy policy with respect to the
webmd sites also apply to the apps. if you do not want us to collect, use or
disclose information about you and your use of the services as described in
this privacy policy, then you should not use the services. by using the
services, you must agree to the webmd terms of use, which is the contract
between us and users of the services. by accepting the webmd terms of use, you
confirm that you have read and understand this privacy policy and the [webmd
cookie policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/cookie-policy) and
you acknowledge that we will store, use and otherwise process your information
in the united states where we are located.

references to "webmd," “we” or “us” mean webmd llc, including any company that
webmd llc controls (for example, a subsidiary that webmd llc owns). webmd may
share information among its subsidiaries or websites that it owns or controls,
but information collected under this privacy policy is always protected under
the terms of this privacy policy. except as otherwise noted in this privacy
policy, webmd llc is the data controller responsible for the processing of
your personal information as described in this privacy policy. webmd llc has
appointed aptus health international france sas, 5 place de la pyramide, tour
ariane, 92800 puteaux, france, ("aptus health france") as its representative
in the european union.

### information collected about you

some of our services (such as certain quizzes or calculators) do not retain
your personal information, while others (such as webmd lab testing and the
ovulation/pregnancy calendar and the healthy target program in the webmd app
and certain of our registration-only apps like webmd baby, webmd pregnancy and
webmd allergy) store your personal information in accordance with this privacy
policy. even if you do not register with or provide any personal information
to webmd, we collect information about your use of the webmd sites and apps
and the services. we may also acquire information about our users from
external sources.

when you use the services, we collect information as follows:

##### registration

while you may use most of the services without registering, certain services
do require that you register with webmd for them to function properly. if you
choose to register or update an existing account with webmd or access certain
services, you may be required to provide certain personal information, such as
your name, address, telephone number, gender, email address and date of birth,
and a username and password to access your webmd account. you are responsible
for ensuring the accuracy of the personal information that you submit to
webmd.

##### interactive services

some of our services, such as webmd symptom checker, are interactive and may
request that you submit health-related information, along with other
information such as your age and gender. you are not required to register with
webmd to use webmd symptom checker and if you are registered with webmd, we do
not associate information that you submit to the symptom checker with
registration information that you have previously provided.

##### webmd health manager

webmd health manager provides you with a secure place to gather, store, manage
and share your personal information and provides tools and services to better
manage your health and the health of your family. you are required to register
with webmd to use webmd health manager. webmd health manager has the ability
to use information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure
electronic messages. however, webmd does not allow any third parties to gather
any data about you in connection with your use of the webmd health manager
including through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
furthermore, webmd does not use any information that you submit in connection
with webmd health manager to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of
the webmd sites.

##### webmd lab testing

certain webmd users located in the united states may be eligible to
participate in webmd lab testing, a service powered by pwnhealth, which
enables you to place a secure online order for certain lab tests. once you’ve
ordered your test, you’ll visit a designated testing center where an
experienced lab technician will collect your samples. webmd has selected
pwnhealth to provide care coordination (including independent physician review
of test orders) and other administrative services (including processing credit
card payments for the lab test orders). ordering a lab test with webmd lab
testing requires you to register with webmd. webmd will share the personal
information you use to register with webmd with pwnhealth for purposes of
processing and administering your lab test order. you will be able to access
your lab test orders and results from pwnhealth through your webmd account but
webmd will never receive your lab test results or your payment information.
only pwnhealth will have access to this information. pwnhealth may disclose to
webmd certain personal information in the aggregate which does not identify
you. pwnhealth will use your personal information and other information it
collects about you in providing the webmd lab testing services in accordance
with its privacy policy available [here](https://labs.webmd.com/privacy) and
terms of use available [here](https://labs.webmd.com/terms-of-use). when you
interact with webmd lab testing you may interact with certain website pages
that are hosted by webmd or by pwnhealth. this privacy policy describes what
information webmd collects about you when you use webmd’s services and how
that information is used, disclosed, and maintained by webmd. pwnhealth’s
privacy policy and terms of use will appear on any website page that is hosted
by pwnhealth. for the avoidance of doubt, this privacy policy only applies to
the webmd site pages hosted by webmd. webmd and pwnhealth will use cookies and
other tracking technologies to collect information about your usage of webmd
lab testing, including which lab tests you have viewed and to statistically
analyze trends and other user behavior on the webmd lab testing pages. other
than pwnhealth, webmd does not allow any third parties to gather any data
about you in connection with your purchase of a lab test through webmd lab
testing including through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
furthermore, webmd does not use any personal information that you submit in
connection with webmd lab testing to deliver any advertisements to you on or
off of the webmd sites.

##### email newsletters

at registration and at various times as you use the webmd sites, you will be
given the option of providing us with personal information in order to receive
informational/promotional newsletters – such as a newsletter relating to a
specific health condition – via email from webmd and/or directly from third
parties. from time to time webmd may offer users of third party websites the
opportunity to subscribe to our newsletters through those websites. if you
elect to subscribe to one of our newsletters on a third party website, the
operator of that website will provide us with the personal information you
have provided in connection with the subscription request, which we may use in
accordance with this privacy policy as though you had provided it directly to
webmd.

##### email a friend

if you use our email a friend service to tell a friend about a feature on a
webmd site or a newsletter, we will ask you for your name, your email address
and your friend's email address. we will automatically send your friend a one-
time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email
address as the "from" email address. webmd does not use your friend's email
information for any other purpose. we will only use the information you
provide to send the requested email to your friend.

if you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal
information and you would like to request that it be removed from our
database, please use the contact us link provided at the bottom of every page
of the webmd sites.

##### market research

from time to time, webmd may conduct online research surveys on behalf of
itself and third parties through email invitations, pop-up surveys and online
focus groups. when participating in a survey, we may require you to provide
your location, age and if there’s a sweepstakes associated with the market
research survey, your name and contact information for purposes of sweepstakes
administration. the information you submit in a survey may be used by webmd
for research and measurement purposes, as described below, including to
measure the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. the personal
information you provide in connection with a sweepstakes entry will be used
for the sole purpose of administering the sweepstakes and as required by
applicable law. we will not knowingly invite individuals who are under the age
of 13 to participate in market research surveys. market research surveys
conducted by or on behalf of webmd will contain a link to this privacy policy.

##### user reviews and other public forums

in connection with the use of our physician directory, users are able to
submit provider reviews. our reviews feature in the physician directory and
are open to the public and should not be considered private.

any information (including personal information) you share in any review, or
other forum is by design open to the public and is not private. you should
think carefully before posting any personal information in any public forum.
what you post can be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may
be used by others in ways we cannot control or predict, including to contact
you for unauthorized purposes. as with any public forum on any site, the
information you post may also show up in third-party search engines.

##### emails you send to webmd

this privacy policy does not apply to information, content, business
information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to webmd by email. if
you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or
inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to webmd.

##### services and device information

when you access and use the services, webmd automatically collects and stores
in its server logs information from your browser or mobile device such as your
ip address or unique device identifier, browser information (including
referring url), your preferences and settings, cookies and information about
the content you have viewed and actions taken (e.g., search queries, ad
engagement, clicks and the associated dates and times). webmd may also collect
device-specific information when you install and use an app including your
device model, operating system information, advertising id (which is a unique,
user-resettable identification number for advertising associated with a mobile
device) and app version and usage information. when enabled by you, we collect
precise location information provided by your mobile device, which you may
disable through the device settings.

##### precise geolocation data

when enabled by you, we collect precise location information provided by your
mobile device. we do so to provide you more relevant content including
advertising based on your location. you may disable the collection and use of
your location data through your device settings. to change location settings
on your device, please refer to your device’s official knowledge base.

##### cookies and other tracking technologies

we and our partners use cookies to collect information about your use of the
services. “cookies” are small data files assigned to your browser when you
visit a webmd site which enable recognition of your browser and collect and
store information about your use of the services, as described above. in
addition to cookies, we and our partners use other tracking technologies that
collect information about your use of the services, including mobile
identifiers and "web beacons" which are small graphic files (sometimes called
“clear gifs” or “web pixels”) embedded in a web page or email typically used
to monitor activity and send relevant information back to a home server (which
can belong to the host site, a network advertiser or some other third party).
the information collected by such tracking technologies may be combined with
other information that our partners have access to, including your name, email
address and physical address, so that we can send you materials, either
electronically or by direct mail, that may be of interest to you.

our advertising service partners may use cookies and other tracking
technologies to collect information about your use of the webmd sites,
including content you have viewed. these third parties may use this
information to help webmd deliver advertising on the webmd sites and on other
third party websites based on your browsing activity on the webmd sites. webmd
may further tailor the advertising on the webmd sites and these other third
party websites based on additional information to the extent known by webmd or
these third parties. two of the third parties that webmd works with are google
and facebook. in addition to using the information it collects performing
services for webmd, google may also use such information as described in its
privacy policy. to see how google may use information collected through our
use of the google services on the webmd sites visit
[https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners)
while facebook does not provide any personal information to webmd, facebook
may use information that it has about you and that it collects performing
services for webmd (which may be associated with personal information that
facebook has about you) as described in its privacy policy available at
[https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy.](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy)

to provide you with certain personalization and advertising services described
herein, when you use our webmd sites, we may share information that we may
collect from you, such as your email address (in hashed form), ip address or
information about your browser or operating system, with our service provider,
liveramp inc. and its affiliates, which may in turn link demographic or
interest-based information to your browser. to opt out of this use, visit
<https://liveramp.com/opt_out/>.

we also work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our webmd
sites and on third party websites. our ad network vendors use technologies to
collect information about your activities on the webmd sites and in our
flagship webmd app to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising on our
webmd sites and on third party websites based upon your browsing activity and
your interests.

for more information about our how cookies and other tracking technologies are
used in connection with the services, please read our [cookie
policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/cookie-policy).

when you download and install one of our apps onto your mobile device we
assign a random number to your app installation. this number cannot be used to
identify you personally, and we cannot identify you personally unless you
choose to become a registered user of the app. we use this random number in a
manner similar to our use of cookies as described in this privacy policy and
in our [cookie policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/cookie-
policy). unlike cookies, the random number is assigned to your installation of
the app itself and not a browser, because the app does not work through your
browser. therefore the random number cannot be removed through settings. if
you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use
cookies, please do not use the apps. our use of cookies and other tracking
technologies on our mobile optimized sites and our flagship webmd app are
similar to our use on our desktop sites. your choices to reject cookies, use
the network advertising initiative and the opt-out mechanism described below
in the section "your choices and rights" are available on our flagship webmd
app and on our mobile optimized sites.

### cross-device tracking

we and our service providers collect and store information about users'
interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our
technologies, including cookies and similar tracking technologies. this allows
us to infer the presence of a common user or household behind multiple
devices. we do so in order to:

  * provide personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing patterns on all of the devices;
  * detect and prevent fraud;
  * allow users to use our service on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off on another device; 
  * limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across known or inferred devices

for information on your advertising choices and opt-out, please see the "your
choices and rights" section of this privacy notice.

### how information collected about you is used

information about your use of the services may be used for the following
purposes:

  * to provide, improve and create new services,
  * to respond to your inquiries and to send you administrative communications about the webmd sites and services,
  * to obtain your feedback about the webmd sites and services,
  * to send you secure electronic messages and personalized emails pertaining to your interests as inferred from your use of the services, including news, announcements, reminders and opportunities from webmd,
  * to statistically analyze trends and user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the webmd sites are visited, how the services are being used and how many emails are received and opened,
  * to provide you and people with similar demographic characteristics and interests with more relevant content including advertising both on and off the webmd sites and apps,
  * to offer lead generation services,
  * to detect and defend against fraud and other threats to the services and our users, 
  * to identify issues with the services,
  * to conduct research and measurement activities, including those described below, and
  * to administer your account.

in addition, webmd may use personal information about you for other purposes
that are disclosed to you at the time we collect the information and/or with
your consent.

webmd may combine your personal information and other information collected
about your use of the services, and also supplement with information from
external sources for the purposes described in this privacy policy. for
example, information that webmd collects about you may be combined by webmd
with other information available to webmd through third parties for research
and measurement purposes, including measuring the effectiveness of content,
advertising or programs. this information from other sources may include age,
gender, demographic, geographic, personal interests, product purchase activity
or other information. we may report aggregate information, which is not able
to be identified back to an individual user of the webmd sites, to our current
or prospective advertisers and other business partners.

### sharing your information

##### webmd subsidiaries and corporate affiliates

we may share your information with our subsidiaries, affiliates and companies
acquired by or merged with us and our affiliates. in the event of a corporate
change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with,
another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, webmd
reserves the right to transfer your personal information to the new party in
control or the party acquiring assets. in the event of such a change, your
personal information will continue to be treated in accordance with this
privacy policy unless any changes to the privacy policy are made in accordance
with the section below that discusses “changes to this privacy policy.”

##### companies and contractors that work with webmd

webmd works with third party companies and contractors that help us provide
the services and to otherwise assist in the operation of the webmd sites and
apps, including those that provide services relating to technology, data
analysis, research, email management and deployment, sweepstakes and contest
administration, advertising and marketing and/or content. webmd contractors
sometimes have limited access to your information in the course of providing
products or services to webmd. we contractually require that our contractors
not use or disclose your information for any purpose other than providing the
limited service or function for webmd.

##### third party advertisers and third party websites

we may share information that we have about you, such as a cookie id or ip
address, with third party advertising service providers who may use this
information, on our behalf, to help webmd deliver advertising on the webmd
sites as well as on third party websites, as further described in our [cookie
policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/cookie-policy).

certain content, services and advertisements offered to you through the webmd
sites are served on, or contain links to, websites hosted and operated by a
company other than webmd ("third party websites"). webmd does not share your
personal information with these third party websites without your consent, but
you should be aware that any information you disclose to these third party
websites once you access these third party websites is not subject to this
privacy policy. webmd does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy
practices of these third party websites. you should review the privacy policy
posted on the third party website to understand how that third party website
collects and uses your information. webmd makes an effort to make it obvious
to you when you leave a webmd site and enter a third party website, either by
requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the webmd site before
you visit the third party site. in addition, if you see a phrase such as
"powered by" or "in association with" followed by the name of a company other
than webmd, then you are on a website hosted by a company other than webmd.
when you use a co-branded service (a service operated with a partner of webmd,
such as webmd lab testing), or register or otherwise provide information on a
co-branded site, where applicable, we may pass the collected information back
to that partner, which may include third party service providers whose
services are embedded into and/or appear within the services.

we may also include social widgets on the webmd sites which enable you to
interact with the associated social media services, e.g., to share an article.
these widgets may collect browsing data which may be received by the third
party that provided the widget, and are controlled by these third parties. you
may be able to manage your privacy preferences directly with the applicable
social network platform.

##### compliance with law, regulation, and law enforcement requests

to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties
to enforce and comply with law, we may release personal information to third
parties: (1) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation,
search warrant, subpoena or court order; (2) when we believe in good faith
that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the
safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; or
(3) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or
others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. in addition, we
may disclose personal information as described below.

### how your information is secured and retained

we take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your personal
information. despite webmd's efforts to protect your personal information,
there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way
around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the
internet may be intercepted.

the security of your personal information is important to us. when you enter
personal information (including personal health information in various
services), we encrypt the transmission of that information or use ssl
connections (secure socket layer) technology.

we will retain your personal information as long as your account is active or
as needed to provide you services. at any time you can remove your personal
information or instruct us to remove it, but you should be aware that it is
not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the
information you have provided to webmd from our servers. see “your choices and
rights” below for more information on how you can update or remove your
personal information. we will also retain your personal information as
necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our
agreements.

### your choices and rights

##### updating/removing your personal information

if you do not want your personal information used by webmd as provided in this
privacy policy, you should not use the webmd sites, apps and services. you can
correct, update or review personal information you have previously submitted
by going back to the specific service, logging-in and making the desired
change. you can also update any personal information you have submitted by
contacting us using the contact information listed below or through the
contact us link provided at the bottom of every page of the webmd sites.

if you have registered and desire to delete any of your registration
information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using
the contact information listed below in the “contacting webmd about your
personal information or privacy” section or through the contact us link
provided at the bottom of every page of the webmd sites. upon your request, we
will delete your registration information from our active databases and where
feasible from our back-up media. you should be aware that it is not
technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information
you have provided to the webmd sites from our servers.

when you sign up to receive email communications for any of our services,
including our email newsletters, or at any time, you can choose to [opt
out](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-privacy-
policy#policychoices) of receiving additional newsletters or other email
communications from webmd or our advertisers or sponsors.

you can unsubscribe from an email newsletter by:

  * following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter and using the “unsubscribe” link found in the emails.
  * logging in to the webmd sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the “my profile” section.

if you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or
secure electronic messages from the webmd health manager tool, you may also
"opt-out" of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your health
manager home page and changing your email preference or following the
unsubscribe instructions included in each email.

all promotional emails that webmd sends with opportunities from webmd or with
offers or informational materials from webmd on behalf of our sponsors will
contain an opportunity to unsubscribe from getting additional emails of that
type in the future from webmd unless you re-subscribe.

##### cookies

most browser software can be set to reject cookies. most browsers offer
instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the "help" or
“settings” or “preferences” section of your browser’s toolbar. refer to our
[cookie policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/cookie-policy) for
additional information about opting out of cookies.

##### interest-based advertising opt-out

in order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have
implemented a daa (digital advertising alliance) approved opt-out mechanism
for interest-based advertising. at the bottom of every page of the webmd sites
you will see an adchoices logo (which looks like this:![ad
choices](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/miscellaneous/privacy/logo_adchoices_text.png)).
in our flagship webmd app you can find the adchoices option in the “settings”
screen. by clicking on that logo on the webmd sites or following the
instructions in the flagship webmd app, you will be presented with a window
that will identify all of the companies that webmd uses to direct tailored
advertisements to you, both on the webmd sites and in the flagship webmd app
as well as on third-party websites. if you would like to stop this tailored
advertising from webmd, you can manage these advertisements through the
choices in that window. please note that even if you opt-out of interest-based
advertising, you will continue to receive generic advertisements through the
services. please note that your choice to stop tailored advertising is
specific to the browser or mobile device that you are using so if you make a
choice to opt out from one computer or mobile device and you want your opt-out
to apply to a different computer or mobile device as well please opt out from
that computer or mobile device too. by clicking the + symbol next to the name
of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that
vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements. the webmd sites do not
respond to web browser "do not track" signals. this opt-out mechanism is
available in the flagship webmd app for ios and android, as well as on our
mobile optimized sites, but is not currently available on our other apps
(webmd pregnancy, webmd baby and webmd allergy).

##### mobile opt-out

you may also control interest-based advertising on your mobile device by
enabling the “limit ad tracking” setting in your ios device’s settings or “opt
out of ads personalization” in your android device’s settings. this will not
prevent you from seeing advertisements, but will limit the use of device
advertising identifiers to personalize ads based on your interests. if you
have questions about how to reject cookies on your specific device please
check with the device manufacturer.

##### california residents

if you are a california resident, california law may provide you with
additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. for more
information relevant to our users who are california residents, please click
_[here](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-california-privacy-
policy)_.

### children

we are committed to protecting the privacy of children. the webmd sites are
not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. the webmd
sites do not collect personal information from any person we actually know is
under the age of 13. a parent or guardian, however, may use webmd health
manager to establish a personal health record and a webmd health manager home
page for a minor. the parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing
supervision of the minor's use of webmd health manager. the parent or guardian
assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is
kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate. the parent or
guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of
any information or suggestions provided through webmd health manager for the
minor.

### note to users outside of the united states

webmd and our technical infrastructure are located in the united states. the
personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers located in
the united states. if you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be
aware that in order to provide the services to you, we must transfer your
personal information to the united states where it will be stored and
processed in accordance with this privacy policy. we may transfer your
information outside the united states to service providers with operations in
other countries. by using the services, you consent to such collection,
storage and processing in the united states and elsewhere, though the united
states and other jurisdictions may not afford the same level of data
protection as considered adequate in your own country. we will take reasonable
steps to protect your personal information. note that your personal
information may be available to the united states government or its agencies
under legal process made in the united states.

### additional information for webmd’s visitors from the european economic
area (“eea”)

when you use the services, we collect, store, use and otherwise process your
personal information as described in this privacy policy. we rely on a number
of legal bases to process your information, including where: (i) necessary for
our legitimate interests in providing and improving the services including
offering you content and advertising that may be of interest to you; (ii)
necessary for our legitimate interest in keeping the services, sites and apps
safe and secure; (iii) necessary for the legitimate interests of our service
providers and partners; (iv) necessary to perform our contractual obligations
in the webmd terms of use; (v) you have consented to the processing, which you
can revoke at any time (however a revocation does not affect the lawfulness of
processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the date of
revocation); (vi) you have expressly made the information public, e.g., in
public forums; (vii) necessary to comply with a legal obligation such as a
law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order or to exercise or
defend legal claims; and (viii) necessary to protect your vital interests, or
those of others.

if you are a webmd user in the eea, you can: (i) access personal information
we have about you (we will try to provide information within 30 days of your
request); (ii) have your personal information corrected or deleted (in most
cases you can correct personal information you have submitted to us by going
back to the specific service, logging-in and making the desired change); (iii)
in certain circumstances, you can object to our processing of your personal
information and we will discontinue such processing unless we have compelling
legitimate grounds to continue; (iv) withdraw consent previously provided
(however a withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of processing of your
personal data that occurred prior to the date of withdrawal); or (v) if you
believe that we have not complied with applicable data protection laws, you
may lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. if you wish to
inquire as to whether we maintain any of your personal information and if so,
whether you wish to exercise any of those rights that are available to you
with respect to such personal information, you may contact us as described in
the contacting webmd about your personal information or privacy section below.
we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.

where we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you
can opt-out through the unsubscribe link in the email communications we send
to you, by changing your subscription preferences in your account settings or
as otherwise specified in this privacy policy.

we will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide
the services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this privacy policy.
this is also the case for third parties within whom we share your information
to perform services on our behalf. when we no longer need to use your personal
information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or
regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or anonymize
it. if you have registered with webmd and you no longer want us to use your
registration information to provide the services to you, you may close your
account.

### contacting webmd about your personal information or privacy

please send us an email by using the contact us link at the bottom of every
page of the webmd sites if you have any questions about this privacy policy or
the personal information we maintain about you. we will respond to your
request within a reasonable timeframe.

you can also contact webmd’s privacy office at:

webmd llc  
attn: office of privacy  
1201 peachtree street, ne  
400 colony square, suite 2100  
atlanta, ga 30361  
phone: 866-788-3097

if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
addressed satisfactorily, please contact our u.s.-based third party dispute
resolution provider (free of charge) at <https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request.>

webmd users from the eea may also contact our data protection officer at
[[email protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

### changes to this privacy policy

we reserve the right to change or modify this privacy policy and any of our
services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted
unless we advise otherwise. if we make any material changes to this privacy
policy we will notify you by means of a notice on the webmd sites and/or by
email to our registered users (sent to the email address specified when you
register) prior to the change becoming effective. by continuing to use the
services after changes are made to this privacy policy, you agree to such
changes. we encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy for the
latest information on our privacy practices. if you do not accept the terms of
this privacy policy, we ask that you do not register with us and that you do
not use the webmd sites. please exit the webmd sites immediately if you do not
agree to the terms of this privacy policy.

### accreditations and privacy seals

[ ![](//privacy-policy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/seal?rid=07326333-3522-463d-81bf-f00fd7171fff)
](//privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=07326333-3522-463d-81bf-f00fd7171fff) to view our
certification status click [here.](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-
seal/validation?rid=07326333-3522-463d-81bf-f00fd7171fff)

[ ![](https://www.honcode.ch/honcode/seal/honconduct298987_s1.gif)
](https://www.hon.ch/honcode/conduct.html?honconduct298987) webmd.com,
medicinenet.com, emedicinehealth.com, and rxlist.com comply with the honcode
standard for trustworthy health information, which can be verified
[here](https://www.hon.ch/honcode/conduct.html?honconduct298987).

last updated on december 15, 2020

© 2020 webmd, llc. all rights reserved.

### today on webmd

[ ![puppy digging
hole](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/slideshows/mistakes_pet_owners_make_slideshow/110x70_mistakes_pet_owners_make_slideshow.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-
quality=50)

#### risky mistakes pet owners make

some of these might surprise you.

](https://pets.webmd.com/ss/slideshow-mistakes-pet-owners-make)

[ ![woman
eating](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/slideshows/binge_eating_disorder_slideshow/110x70_binge_eating_disorder_slideshow.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-
quality=50)

#### depressed, guilty feelings after eating?

symptoms of binge eating disorder.

](https://www.webmd.com/mental-health/eating-disorders/binge-eating-
disorder/ss/slideshow-binge-eating-disorder)

[ ![psoriasis on female
neck](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/slideshows/scalp_psoriasis_slideshow/110x70_scalp_psoriasis_slideshow.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-
quality=50)

#### psoriasis home remedies

14 tips to ditch the itch.

](https://www.webmd.com/skin-problems-and-treatments/psoriasis/ss/slideshow-
home-remedies-for-psoriasis)

[ ![pack of
cigarettes](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/article_thumbnails/health_checks/smoking_healthcheck/110x70_smoking_healthcheck.jpg?resize=110px:*&output-
quality=50)

#### quit smoking

get your personalized plan.

](https://www.webmd.com/smoking-cessation/smoking-assessment/default.htm)

  * [ ![logo for webmd](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/logos/webmd/web/webmd_logo.svg) ](https://www.webmd.com)
    * [ visit webmd on facebook  ](/click?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.facebook.com%2fwebmd%2f)
    * [ visit webmd on twitter  ](/click?url=https%3a%2f%2ftwitter.com%2fwebmd)
    * [ visit webmd on pinterest  ](/click?url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.pinterest.com%2fwebmd%2f)
  * ### policies

    * [privacy policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-privacy-policy)
    * [cookie policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/cookie-policy)
    * [editorial policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-editorial-policy)
    * [advertising policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-advertising-policy)
    * [correction policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/webmd-corrections-policies)
    * [terms of use](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-terms-and-conditions-of-use)

### about

    * [contact us](https://customercare.webmd.com)
    * [about webmd](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/default.htm)
    * [careers](https://careers.webmd.com/)
    * [newsletter](https://member.webmd.com/subscribe)
    * [corporate](https://www.webmd.com/corporate/default.htm)
    * [webmd health services](/click?url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.webmdhealthservices.com)
    * [site map](https://www.webmd.com/sitemap)
    * [accessibility](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/accessibility-statement)
  * ### webmd network

    * [medscape](https://www.medscape.com)
    * [medscape reference](https://reference.medscape.com)
    * [medicinenet](https://www.medicinenet.com)
    * [emedicinehealth](https://www.emedicinehealth.com/script/main/hp.asp)
    * [rxlist](https://www.rxlist.com)
    * [onhealth](/click?url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.onhealth.com%2f)
    * [webmdrx](https://www.webmd.com/rx)
    * [first aid](https://www.webmd.com/first-aid/default.htm)
    * [webmd magazine](https://www.webmd.com/magazine/default.htm)
    * [webmd health record](https://www.webmd.com/phr)
    * [dictionary](https://dictionary.webmd.com/default.htm)
    * [physician directory](https://doctor.webmd.com/)
  * ### our apps

    * [webmd mobile](https://www.webmd.com/mobile)
    * [webmd app](https://www.webmd.com/webmdapp)
    * [pregnancy](https://www.webmd.com/pregnancyapp)
    * [baby](https://www.webmd.com/webmdbabyapp)
    * [allergy](https://www.webmd.com/allergy-app)
    * [medscape](https://www.medscape.com/public/mobileapp)

### for advertisers

    * [advertise with us](https://mediakit.webmd.com/)
    * [advertising policy](https://www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-advertising-policy)

  * [![truste](//privacy-policy.truste.com/privacy-seal/seal?rid=07326333-3522-463d-81bf-f00fd7171fff)](//www.webmd.com/click?url=https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=07326333-3522-463d-81bf-f00fd7171fff)
  * ![tag registered seal](https://img.webmd.com/dtmcms/live/webmd/consumer_assets/site_images/layout/shared/tag-registered.png?resize=*:60px)
  * [![honcode seal](//www.honcode.ch/honcode/seal/honconduct298987_s1.gif)](//www.webmd.com/click?url=https://www.hon.ch/honcode/conduct.html?honconduct298987)
  * ![adchoices](//choices.trustarc.com/get?name=admarker2.png)

(c) 2005 - 2019 webmd llc. all rights reserved.

webmd does not provide medical advice, diagnosis or treatment.

[see additional information.](https://www.webmd.com/policies/additional-info)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=428750600651790&ev=pageview&noscript=1)
![](https://ct.pinterest.com/v3/?tid=2618142259440&noscript=1)
![](https://ct.pinterest.com/v3/?tid=2618142259440&event=pagevisit&noscript=1)

![](//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/875612316/?guid=on&script=0)

