[](/main-page)

  * messages
  * log in

### log in

social login does not work in incognito and private browsers. please log in
with your username or email to continue.

facebook

google

wikihow account

no account yet? [create an account](/special:userlogin?type=signup)

  * explore

[courses](/course/explore) [random article](/special:randomizer)
[categories](/special:categorylisting) [arts and
entertainment](/category:arts-and-entertainment) [cars & other
vehicles](/category:cars-%26-other-vehicles) [computers and
electronics](/category:computers-and-electronics) [education and
communications](/category:education-and-communications) [family
life](/category:family-life) [finance and business](/category:finance-and-
business) [food and entertaining](/category:food-and-entertaining)
[health](/category:health) [hobbies and crafts](/category:hobbies-and-crafts)
[holidays and traditions](/category:holidays-and-traditions) [home and
garden](/category:home-and-garden) [personal care and
style](/category:personal-care-and-style) [pets and animals](/category:pets-
and-animals) [philosophy and religion](/category:philosophy-and-religion)
[relationships](/category:relationships) [sports and
fitness](/category:sports-and-fitness) [travel](/category:travel) [work
world](/category:work-world) [youth](/category:youth) [about
us](/wikihow:about-wikihow)

  * help us

[community dashboard](/special:communitydashboard) [write an
article](/special:createpage) [request a new article](/special:requesttopic)
[more ideas...](/special:communitydashboard)

  * [home](/main-page)
  * [random](/special:randomizer)
  * [browse articles](/special:categorylisting)
  * [courses](/course/explore)
  * [about wikihow](/wikihow:about-wikihow)
  * easy ways to help
  * [approve questions](/special:sortquestions)
  * [review tech feedback](/special:specialtechfeedback)
  * [fix spelling](/special:mobilespellchecker)
  * [quiz app](/special:quizyourself)
  * [more things to try...](/special:mobilecommunitydashboard)

  * log in / sign up

[terms of use](/wikihow:terms-of-use)

# wikihow:terms of use

at wikihow, our mission is to empower every person on the planet to learn how
to do anything. we do this by collaborating to create the world’s most helpful
instructions. before you read our detailed, legally binding terms of use, here
is a non-legalese summary of some key information about reading or
contributing to wikihow:

  1. you continue to own the copyrights of the content you submit to wikihow. that said, by posting your content on wikihow you give us multiple rights to use and change it (see “user content license grants” below for details).
  2. our community of editors (as opposed to the lawyers who wrote the terms of service below) has developed detailed guidelines about how to contribute to wikihow. you can learn more by reading our [writer's guide](/wikihow:writer%27s-guide "wikihow:writer's guide").
  3. we license all user content text on wikihow under a creative commons license. read more [here](/wikihow:creative-commons "wikihow:creative commons"). if you want to republish wikihow content under the terms of this license please follow [our attribution guidelines](/wikihow:attribution "wikihow:attribution").
  4. we release most of our software under an open source license. you can learn more [here](/wikihow:powered-and-inspired-by-mediawiki "wikihow:powered and inspired by mediawiki").
  5. we value your privacy. read more at our [privacy policy](/wikihow:privacy-policy "wikihow:privacy policy") and [cookie policy](/wikihow:cookie-policy "wikihow:cookie policy").
  6. if you would like to have your wikihow account and all personal data deleted from our site, we will be happy to do so. just email [wiki@wikihow.com](mailto:wiki@wikihow.com) with the subject line "account deletion request" and provide your wikihow user name.
  7. if you have a question, concern or just want to offer a note of thanks, you can email us at [wiki@wikihow.com](mailto:wiki@wikihow.com).

please see below for our official terms of use. we encourage you to read them
carefully. thank you for using and contributing to wikihow. we appreciate your
support in promoting our goal of sharing information freely around the world.

##

introduction

welcome to wikihow, the website, mobile, and online services of wikihow, inc.
(“wikihow,” “we,” or “us”). this page explains the terms by which you may use
our online and/or mobile services, website, and software provided on or in
connection with the service (collectively the “service”). by accessing or
using the service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to be
bound by this terms of use agreement (“agreement”) and to the collection and
use of your information as set forth in the [wikihow privacy
policy](/wikihow:privacy-policy "wikihow:privacy policy"), whether or not you
are a registered user of our service. this agreement applies to all visitors,
users, and others who access the service (“users”).

  
please read this agreement carefully to ensure that you understand each
provision. this agreement contains a mandatory arbitration of disputes
provision that requires the use of arbitration on an individual basis to
resolve disputes, rather than jury trials or class actions.

  

##

use of our service

wikihow provides a place for users to learn how to do things and to share how-
to knowledge with others. our goal is to create the world’s most helpful
instructions, thus empowering every person on the planet to learn how to do
anything. we appreciate your valuable contributions to the service.

a. eligibility.

you may use the service only if you can form a binding contract with wikihow,
and only in compliance with this agreement and all applicable local, state,
national, and international laws, rules and regulations. the service is not
available to any users previously removed from the service by wikihow. any use
of the service by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in violation of
this agreement. notwithstanding the foregoing, a child under the age of 13 may
use the site if we receive a signed permission form from the child’s parent or
legal guardian. the permission form can be found [here](/wikihow:coppa-
parental-permission-form "wikihow:coppa parental permission form").

b. wikihow service.

subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you are hereby granted
a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use
the service as permitted by the features of the service. wikihow may terminate
this license at any time for any reason or no reason. subject to the terms and
conditions hereof, wikihow further grants to each user of the service, a
license to use any or all text contained in any article found on the service
in accordance with the terms of the creative commons cc by-nc-sa 3.0 license.
under this license, you may freely use, copy, and distribute such text for
non-commercial purposes so long as you follow [our attribution
requirements](/wikihow:attribution "wikihow:attribution"). please carefully
read the full terms and conditions
[here](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/). wikihow reserves
all rights not expressly granted herein in the service and the wikihow content
(as defined below).

c. wikihow accounts.

your wikihow account gives you access to the services and functionality that
we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion. if
you open a wikihow account on behalf of a company, organization, or other
entity, then (a) “you” includes you and that entity, and (b) you represent and
warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the
authority to bind the entity to this agreement, and that you agree to this
agreement on the entity’s behalf. by connecting to wikihow with a third-party
service, you give us permission to access and use your information from that
service as permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for
that service.

you may never use another user’s account without permission. you are solely
responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep
your account password secure. we encourage you to use “strong” passwords
(passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and
symbols) with your account. you must notify wikihow immediately of any breach
of security or unauthorized use of your account. wikihow will not be liable
for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account.

you may control your user profile and how you interact with the service by
changing the settings in your [preferences](/special:preferences
"special:preferences"). by providing wikihow your email address you consent to
our using the email address to send you service-related notices, including any
notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. we may also
use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features
of the service and special offers. if you do not want to receive such email
messages, you may opt out or change your preferences in your
[preferences](/special:preferences "special:preferences"). opting out may
prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or
offers.

d. service rules.

you agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i)
transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (ii) attempting
to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any
transmissions to or from the servers running the service; (iii) taking any
action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or
disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (iv) uploading invalid
data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the service; (v)
collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including
account names from the service; (vii) impersonating another person or
otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting
fraud; (viii) interfering with the proper working of the service; (ix)
accessing any content on the service through any technology or means other
than those provided or authorized by the service; or (x) bypassing the
measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the service, including
without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any
content or enforce limitations on use of the service or the content therein.

if you operate a search engine or robot, or if you republish a significant
fraction of all wikihow content (as we may determine in our reasonable
discretion), you must follow these rules:

  * you must use a descriptive user agent header;
  * you must provide prominent attribution to wikihow;
  * you must follow robots.txt at all times; and
  * you must make it clear how to contact you, either in your user agent string, or on your website if you have one.

we may, without prior notice, change the service; stop providing the service
or features of the service, to you or to users generally; or create usage
limits for the service. we may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend
your access to the service without notice and liability for any reason,
including if in our sole determination you violate any provision of this
agreement, or for no reason. upon termination for any reason or no reason, you
continue to be bound by this agreement.

you are solely responsible for your interactions with other wikihow users. we
reserve the right but have no obligation to monitor disputes between you and
other users. wikihow shall have no liability for your interactions with other
users, or for any user’s action or inaction.

##

trusted users

wikihow may provide certain users with administrative privileges in order to
monitor or provide certain aspects of the service (“trusted users”). these
privileges may include, without limitation, the ability to remove user content
provided by other users or monitor other users’ use of the service. for the
avoidance of doubt, wikihow trusted users include, but are not limited to,
“admins” (aka sysops or administrators) and “new article boosters”. you
acknowledge that wikihow may revoke your status as a trusted user at any time
for any reason or no reason, and may require you to enter into further
agreements with wikihow depending on your role.

if you are a trusted user, you acknowledge that you may have access to the
personal information of other users, and you represent and warrant that you
will handle that information in accordance with the wikihow [privacy
policy](/wikihow:privacy-policy "wikihow:privacy policy") and the
confidentiality obligations contained herein. you further acknowledge that you
may have access to wikihow confidential information (as defined below), and
you represent and warrant, at all times you are serving as a trusted user and
thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the
benefit of wikihow to the extent necessary to perform authorized services on
behalf of wikihow, and not to disclose to any person, firm, corporation or
other entity, without written authorization from wikihow in each instance, any
wikihow confidential information that you obtain from wikihow or otherwise
obtain, access or create in connection with, or as a result of, your
relationship with wikihow or your performance of any services as a trusted
user, until such wikihow confidential information becomes publicly and widely
known and made generally available through no wrongful act of you or of others
who were under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved.
you further agree not to make copies of such wikihow confidential information,
except as expressly authorized by wikihow and to return to wikihow or delete
any copies or materials containing wikihow confidential information upon
wikihow’s request.

you understand that “wikihow confidential information” means information and
physical material not generally known or available outside wikihow, and
information and physical material entrusted to wikihow in confidence by third
parties. wikihow confidential information includes, without limitation:
technical data, analytical data, user internet protocol (ip) addresses, any
personal information relating to users, software codes and designs,
algorithms, non-public business information, and any other non-public
information to which you gain access while serving as a trusted user.

##

user content

the service allows users to post content such as profile information,
instructional and informational materials, photographs, images, comments,
questions, and other content or information (any such materials a user
submits, posts, displays, or otherwise makes available on the service “user
content”). we claim no ownership rights over user content created by you. the
user content you create remains yours; however, by sharing user content
through the service, you agree to allow others to view, edit, and/or share
your user content in accordance with this agreement (see “user content license
grants” below). wikihow has the right (but not the obligation) in its sole
discretion to remove any user content that is shared via the service.

you agree not to post user content that: (i) may create a risk of harm, loss,
physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability,
disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to you, to any other person, or
to any animal; (ii) may create a risk of any other loss or damage to any
person or property; (iii) seeks to harm or exploit children by exposing them
to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable details or
otherwise; (iv) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort; (v) contains
any information or content that we deem to be unlawful, harmful, abusive,
racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal
privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people (publicly
or otherwise), libelous, threatening, profane, obscene, or otherwise
objectionable; (vi) contains any information or content that is illegal
(including, without limitation, the disclosure of insider information under
securities law or of another party’s trade secrets); (vii) contains any
information or content that you do not have a right to make available under
any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; or (viii) contains
any information or content that you know is not correct and current. you agree
that any user content that you post does not and will not violate third-party
rights of any kind, including without limitation any intellectual property
rights (as defined below) or rights of privacy. wikihow reserves the right,
but is not obligated, to reject and/or remove any user content that wikihow
believes, in its sole discretion, violates these provisions or is otherwise
inappropriate for the service. you understand that publishing your user
content on the service is not a substitute for registering it with the u.s.
copyright office, the writer’s guild of america, or any other rights
organization.

for the purposes of this agreement, “intellectual property rights” means all
patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of
publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade
secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or
hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and
registrations, renewals and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state,
country, territory, or other jurisdiction.

in connection with your user content, you affirm, represent, and warrant the
following:

a. you have the written consent of each and every identifiable natural person
in the user content to use such person’s name or likeness in the manner
contemplated by the service and this agreement, and each such person has
released you from any liability that may arise in relation to such use.

b. your user content and wikihow’s use thereof as contemplated by this
agreement and the service will not violate any law or infringe any rights of
any third party, including but not limited to any intellectual property rights
and privacy rights.

c. wikihow may exercise the rights to your user content granted under this
agreement without liability for payment of any guild fees, residuals,
payments, fees, or royalties payable under any collective bargaining agreement
or otherwise.

d. to the best of your knowledge, all of your user content and other
information that you provide to us is truthful and accurate.

wikihow takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any user content
that you or any other user or third party posts or sends over the service. you
shall be solely responsible for your user content and the consequences of
posting or publishing it, and you agree that we are only acting as a passive
conduit for your online distribution and publication of your user content. you
understand and agree that you may be exposed to user content that is
inaccurate, objectionable, inappropriate for children, or otherwise unsuited
to your purpose, and you agree that wikihow shall not be liable for any
damages you allege to incur as a result of user content.

##

user content license grants

a. license grant to wikihow.

by posting any user content on the service, you expressly grant, represent,
and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant to wikihow a royalty-
free, sublicensable, assignable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-
exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list
information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, syndicate, publicly
perform, publicly display, and make derivative works of all such user content
and your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your user content, in
whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or
hereafter developed, for use in connection with the service and wikihow’s (and
its successors’ and affiliates’) business, including without limitation for
promoting and redistributing part or all of the service (and derivative works
thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. you will
continue to own any user content you post to the service, and you are free to
distribute it in any way you please, whether for commercial or non-commercial
purposes.

b. license grants to users

  
(1) text content. all text posted by users to the service is sub-licensed by
wikihow to other users under a creative commons license as provided herein.
the creative commons license allows such text content be used freely for non-
commercial purposes, so long as it is used and attributed to the original
author as specified under the terms of the license. allowing free
republication of our articles helps wikihow achieve its mission by providing
instruction on solving the problems of everyday life to more people for free.
in order to support this goal, wikihow hereby grants each user of the service
a license to all text content that users contribute to the service under the
terms and conditions of a creative commons [cc by-nc-sa 3.0
license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/). please be sure to
read the terms of the license carefully. you continue to own all right, title,
and interest in and to your user content, and you are free to distribute it as
you wish, whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes.

(2) image content. when you upload images to the service, you may select among
various licenses under which wikihow may distribute and sublicense your image-
based user content. wikihow hereby grants to users of the service all rights
specified under the terms of the license under which any image-based user
content is licensed to wikihow.

##

third party content: youtube videos

certain wikihow pages contain third party content in the form of embedded
videos from the youtube api service. your use of these videos is governed by
youtube's terms of service, which you may read in full on the [youtube
website](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms).

##

mobile software

a. mobile software.

we may make available software to access the service via a mobile device
(“mobile software”). to use the mobile software you must have a mobile device
that is compatible with the mobile service. wikihow does not warrant that the
mobile software will be compatible with your mobile device. wikihow hereby
grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use a
compiled code copy of the mobile software for one wikihow account on one
mobile device owned or leased solely by you, for your personal use.
frequently, wikihow releases mobile software under an open source license. the
particular terms of the license governing your use of the software will be
displayed to you prior to downloading the software. by downloading and using
the software, you agree to the terms of any applicable license. you
acknowledge that wikihow may from time to time issue upgraded versions of the
mobile software, and may automatically electronically upgrade the version of
the mobile software that you are using on your mobile device. you consent to
such automatic upgrading on your mobile device, and agree that the terms and
conditions of this agreement will apply to all such upgrades. any third-party
code that may be incorporated in the mobile software is covered by the
applicable open source or third-party license eula, if any, authorizing use of
such code. the foregoing license grant is not a sale of the mobile software or
any copy thereof, and wikihow or its third party partners or suppliers retain
all right, title, and interest in the mobile software (and any copy thereof).
any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or obligations
hereunder, except as expressly provided for in this agreement, is void.
wikihow reserves all rights not expressly granted under this agreement or the
open source licenses associated with the software. if the mobile software is
being acquired on behalf of the united states government, then the following
provision applies. use, duplication, or disclosure of the mobile software by
the u.s. government is subject to restrictions set forth in this agreement and
as provided in dfars 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), dfars
252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (oct 1988), far 12.212(a) (1995), far 52.227-19, or far
52.227-14 (alt iii), as applicable. the mobile software originates in the
united states, and is subject to united states export laws and regulations.
the mobile software may not be exported or re-exported to certain countries or
those persons or entities prohibited from receiving exports from the united
states. in addition, the mobile software may be subject to the import and
export laws of other countries. you agree to comply with all united states and
foreign laws related to use of the mobile software and the wikihow service.

b. mobile software from itunes.

the following applies to any mobile software you acquire from the itunes store
(“itunes-sourced software”): you acknowledge and agree that this agreement is
solely between you and wikihow, not apple, and that apple has no
responsibility for the itunes-sourced software or content thereof. your use of
the itunes-sourced software must comply with the app store terms of service.
you acknowledge that apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any
maintenance and support services with respect to the itunes-sourced software.
in the event of any failure of the itunes-sourced software to conform to any
applicable warranty, you may notify apple, and apple will refund the purchase
price for the itunes-sourced software to you; to the maximum extent permitted
by applicable law, apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever
with respect to the itunes-sourced software, and any other claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform
to any warranty will be solely governed by this agreement and any law
applicable to wikihow as provider of the software. you acknowledge that apple
is not responsible for addressing any claims of you or any third party
relating to the itunes-sourced software or your possession and/or use of the
itunes-sourced software, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability
claims; (ii) any claim that the itunes-sourced software fails to conform to
any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under
consumer protection or similar legislation; and all such claims are governed
solely by this agreement and any law applicable to wikihow as provider of the
software. you acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that the
itunes-sourced software or your possession and use of that itunes-sourced
software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, wikihow,
not apple, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense,
settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim
to the extent required by this agreement. you and wikihow acknowledge and
agree that apple, and apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of
this agreement as relates to your license of the itunes-sourced software, and
that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this agreement,
apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to
enforce this agreement as relates to your license of the itunes-sourced
software against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.

##

our proprietary rights

except for your user content, any user contributed article text, or as
expressly provided herein, the service and all materials therein or
transferred thereby, including, without limitation, software, images,
graphics, illustrations, text, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks,
copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music, and user content belonging to
other users (the “wikihow content”), and all intellectual property rights
related thereto, are the exclusive property of wikihow and its licensors
(including other users who post user content to the service). except as
explicitly provided herein, nothing in this agreement shall be deemed to
create a license in or under any such intellectual property rights, and you
agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce,
transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit or create
derivative works from any wikihow content. use of the wikihow content for any
purpose not expressly permitted by this agreement is strictly prohibited.

  
you may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments or ideas about the
service, including without limitation about how to improve the service or our
products (“ideas”). by submitting any idea, you agree that your disclosure is
gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction and will not place wikihow
under any fiduciary or other obligation, and that we are free to use the idea
without any additional compensation to you, and/or to disclose the idea on a
non-confidential basis or otherwise to anyone. you further acknowledge that,
by acceptance of your submission, wikihow does not waive any rights to use
similar or related ideas previously known to wikihow, or developed by its
employees, or obtained from sources other than you.

##

wikihow property

certain aspects of the service may allow you to obtain certain reputational or
status indicators (“wikihow property”). you understand and agree that
regardless of terminology used, wikihow property represents a limited license
right governed solely by the terms of this agreement and available for
distribution at wikihow’s sole discretion. wikihow property is not redeemable
for any sum of money or monetary value from wikihow at any time. you
acknowledge that you do not own the account you use to access the service, nor
do you possess any rights of access or rights to data stored by or on behalf
of wikihow on wikihow servers, including without limitation any data
representing or embodying any or all of your wikihow property. you agree that
wikihow has the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or
eliminate wikihow property as it sees fit in its sole discretion, in any
general or specific case, and that wikihow will have no liability to you based
on its exercise of such right. all data on wikihow’s servers are subject to
deletion, alteration, or transfer.

notwithstanding any value attributed to such data by you or any third party,
you understand and agree that any data, account history, and account content
residing on wikihow’s servers, may be deleted, altered, moved, or transferred
at any time for any reason in wikihow’s sole discretion, with or without
notice and with no liability of any kind. wikihow does not provide or
guarantee, and expressly disclaims, any value, cash or otherwise, attributed
to any data residing on wikihow’s servers.

##

medical information

any medically related content, whether user content or otherwise found on the
service, is not intended to be medical advice or instructions for medical
diagnosis or treatment, and no physician-patient relationship is, or is
intended to be, created. if you think you may have a medical emergency, call
your doctor or [your local emergency number](/call-emergency-services "call
emergency services") immediately. the service is not a substitute for
professional medical advice, examination, diagnosis, or treatment. you should
not delay or forego seeking treatment for a medical condition or disregard
professional medical advice based on any user content or other content
provided by or otherwise found on the service. you should always seek the
advice of your physician or other qualified healthcare professional before
starting or changing treatment. the service should not be used to diagnose,
treat, cure, or prevent disease without supervision of a doctor or qualified
healthcare provider. the service does not recommend or endorse any tests,
physicians, products, procedures, opinions, or other information found on the
service. the service is not regulated by the food and drug administration or
any state or national medical board. information posted to wikihow publicly or
sent in an unsolicited message to a user is not confidential and does not
establish a physician-patient relationship without the express consent of the
user providing any medically related user content.

  

##

legal information

user content relating to legal issues and any other legal information
appearing on the service is not intended to be legal advice, nor is it
intended to form an attorney-client relationship. if you believe that you have
a legal claim, contact an attorney licensed in your state (or country)
immediately to discuss your options. most state bar associations have services
to aid you in finding an attorney. for example, california residents should
visit [[1]](http://www.calbar.ca.gov/public/pamphlets/hiringalawyer.aspx). the
service is provided for informational purposes only, with no assurance that
the any content found on the service is true, correct, or accurate. no action
should be taken, delayed, or deferred based on the anything found on the
service. the service is not a substitute for professional legal advice or a
solicitation to offer legal advice regarding specific facts. should you ignore
this warning and send specific or confidential information in a private
message or post it as a comment, there is no duty to keep that information
confidential or to discontinue or forego any representation adverse to your
interests. you should not delay or forego seeking legal advice or disregard
professional legal advice based on anything found on the service. delay in
seeking such legal advice could result in waiver of any claims you may have,
depending on the applicable statute(s) of limitations. the service is not
regulated by any state or national bar association. information posted to
wikihow publicly or sent in an unsolicited message to a user is not
confidential and does not establish attorney-client relationship without the
express consent of the user.

##

privacy

we care about the privacy of our users. you understand that by using the
services you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally
identifiable information and aggregate data as set forth in our [privacy
policy](/wikihow:privacy-policy "wikihow:privacy policy"), and to have your
personally identifiable information collected, used, transferred to, and
processed in the united states.

##

security

wikihow cares about the integrity and security of your personal information.
however, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be
able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for
improper purposes. you acknowledge that you provide your personal information
at your own risk.

##

dmca notice

since we respect artist and content owner rights, it is wikihow’s policy to
respond to alleged infringement notices that comply with the digital
millennium copyright act of 1998 (“dmca”).

if you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible via the service, please
notify wikihow’s copyright agent as set forth in the dmca. for your complaint
to be valid under the dmca, you must provide the following information in
writing:

1\. an electronic or physical signature of a person authorized to act on
behalf of the copyright owner;

2\. identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;

3\. identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and where
it is located on the service;

4\. information reasonably sufficient to permit wikihow to contact you, such
as your address, telephone number, and, e-mail address;

5\. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in
the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent,
or law; and

6\. a statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is
accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on
behalf of the owner. the above information must be submitted to the following
dmca agent:

attn: dmca notice

wikihow, inc.  
address:  
530 lytton avenue, 2nd floor  
palo alto, ca 94301  
telephone: (650) 492-8008  
email: [wiki@wikihow.com](mailto:wiki@wikihow.com)  

under federal law, if you knowingly misrepresent that online material is
infringing, you may be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury and civil
penalties, including monetary damages, court costs, and attorneys’ fees.

please note that this procedure is exclusively for notifying wikihow and its
affiliates that your copyrighted material has been infringed. the preceding
requirements are intended to comply with wikihow’s rights and obligations
under the dmca, including 17 u.s.c. §512(c), but do not constitute legal
advice. it may be advisable to contact an attorney regarding your rights and
obligations under the dmca and other applicable laws. in accordance with the
dmca and other applicable law, wikihow has adopted a policy of terminating, in
appropriate circumstances, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers.
wikihow may also at its sole discretion limit access to the service and/or
terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property
rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.

##

third-party links

the service may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, services,
special offers, or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled
by wikihow. wikihow does not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such
third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services. if you
access a third party website from the service, you do so at your own risk, and
you understand that this agreement and wikihow’s privacy policy do not apply
to your use of such sites. you expressly relieve wikihow from any and all
liability arising from your use of any third-party website, service, or
content. additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of
advertisers found on the service, including payment and delivery of goods, and
any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such
advertisers. you agree that wikihow shall not be responsible for any loss or
damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.

  

##

indemnity

you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless wikihow and its
subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, and other affiliated companies, and
their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against
any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt,
and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i)
your use of and access to the service, including any data or content
transmitted or received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of this
agreement, including without limitation your breach of any of the
representations and warranties above; (iii) your violation of any third-party
right, including without limitation any right of privacy or intellectual
property rights; (iv) your violation of any applicable law, rule or
regulation; (v) any claim or damages that arise as a result of any of your
user content or any that is submitted via your account; or (vi) any other
party’s access and use of the service with your unique username, password, or
other appropriate security code.

##

no warranty

the service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. use of the
service is at your own risk. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, the service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express
or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. no
advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from wikihow
or through the service will create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
without limiting the foregoing, wikihow, its subsidiaries, and its licensors
do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable, or correct; that the
service will meet your requirements; that the service will be available at any
particular time or location, uninterrupted, or secure; that any defects or
errors will be corrected; or that the service is free of viruses or other
harmful components. any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through the
use of the service is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely
responsible for any damage to your computer system or mobile device or loss of
data that results from such download or your use of the service.

wikihow does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any
product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the wikihow
service or any hyperlinked website or service, and wikihow will not be a party
to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and third-party providers
of products or services.

##

limitation of liability

to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall wikihow,
its affiliates, agents, directors, employees, suppliers, or licensors be
liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential,
or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for loss of
profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses, that result from the
use of, or inability to use, this service. under no circumstances will wikihow
be responsible for any damage, loss, or injury resulting from hacking,
tampering, or other unauthorized access or use of the service or your account
or the information contained therein.

to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, wikihow assumes no
liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of
content; (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever,
resulting from your access to or use of our service; (iii) any unauthorized
access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information
stored therein; (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from
the service; (v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like that may be
transmitted to or through our service by any third party; (vi) any errors or
omissions in any content or for any loss or damage incurred as a result of the
use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available
through the service; and/or (vii) user content or the defamatory, offensive,
or illegal conduct of any third party. in no event shall wikihow, its
affiliates, agents, directors, employees, suppliers, or licensors be liable to
you for any claims, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages, losses or
costs in an amount exceeding the amount you paid to wikihow hereunder or
$100.00, whichever is greater.

this limitation of liability section applies whether the alleged liability is
based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other basis,
even if wikihow has been advised of the possibility of such damage. the
foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted
by law in the applicable jurisdiction.

some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or the exclusion
or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations
or exclusions may not apply to you. this agreement gives you specific legal
rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. the
disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of liability under this agreement
will not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

the service is controlled and operated from facilities in the united states.
wikihow makes no representations that the service is appropriate or available
for use in other locations. those who access or use the service from other
jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for
compliance with all applicable united states and local laws and regulations,
including but not limited to export and import regulations. you may not use
the service if you are a resident of a country embargoed by the united states,
or are a foreign person or entity blocked or denied by the united states
government. unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the
service are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities
located in the united states.

##

governing law and arbitration.

a. governing law.

you agree that: (i) the service shall be deemed solely based in california;
and (ii) the service shall be deemed a passive one that does not give rise to
personal jurisdiction over wikihow, either specific or general, in
jurisdictions other than california. this agreement shall be governed by the
internal substantive laws of the state of california, without respect to its
conflict of laws principles. the application of the united nations convention
on contracts for the international sale of goods is expressly excluded. you
agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts
located in santa clara county, california for any actions for which we retain
the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent
jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement,
misappropriation or violation of a our copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets,
patents, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights, as set forth in
the arbitration provision below.

b. arbitration.

for any dispute with wikihow, you agree to first contact us at
[wiki@wikihow.com](mailto:wiki@wikihow.com) and attempt to resolve the dispute
with us informally. in the unlikely event that wikihow has not been able to
resolve a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally, we
each agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding any
wikihow claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in
connection with or relating to this agreement, or the breach or alleged breach
thereof (collectively, “claims”), by binding arbitration by the american
arbitration association (“aaa”) under the commercial arbitration rules and
supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes then in effect for the
aaa, except as provided herein. the arbitration will be conducted in santa
clara county, california, unless you and wikihow agree otherwise. each party
will be responsible for paying any aaa filing, administrative and arbitrator
fees in accordance with aaa rules. the award rendered by the arbitrator shall
include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys’ fees and reasonable costs
for expert and other witnesses, and any judgment on the award rendered by the
arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. nothing in
this section shall prevent either party from seeking injunctive or other
equitable relief from the courts as necessary to prevent the actual or
threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of that party’s data
security, intellectual property rights, or other proprietary rights. all
claims must be brought in the parties’ individual capacity, and not as a
plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding,
and, unless we agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than
one person’s claims. you agree that, by entering into this agreement, you and
wikihow are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a
class action.

##

general

a. assignment.

this agreement, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be
transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by wikihow without
restriction. any attempted transfer or assignment in violation hereof shall be
null and void.

b. notification procedures and changes to the agreement.

wikihow may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by
law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via email
notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such notice on our
website, as determined by wikihow in our sole discretion. wikihow reserves the
right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our users,
provided that you may opt out of certain means of notification as described in
this agreement. wikihow is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or
your network provider may apply to email notifications we send to the email
address you provide us. wikihow may, in its sole discretion, modify or update
this agreement from time to time, and so you should review this page
periodically. when we change the agreement in a material manner, we will
update the ‘last modified’ date on this page. your continued use of the
service after any such change constitutes your acceptance of the new terms of
use. if you do not agree to any of these terms or any future terms of use, do
not use or access (or continue to access) the service.

c. entire agreement/severability.

this agreement, together with any amendments and any additional agreements you
may enter into with wikihow in connection with the service, shall constitute
the entire agreement between you and wikihow concerning the service. if any
provision of this agreement is deemed invalid by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity
of the remaining provisions of this agreement, which shall remain in full
force and effect.

d. no waiver.

no waiver of any term of this agreement shall be deemed a further or
continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and wikihow’s failure to
assert any right or provision under this agreement shall not constitute a
waiver of such right or provision.

e. contact.

please contact us at [wiki@wikihow.com](mailto:wiki@wikihow.com) with any
questions regarding this agreement.

general questions and help

  * please contact [chris hadley](/user_talk:chris-h "user_talk:chris h")
    * email [wiki@wikihow.com](mailto:wiki@wikihow.com)
    * advertisers please contact: [ads@wikihow.com](mailto:ads@wikihow.com)

snail mail

wikihow, inc.  
530 lytton avenue, 2nd floor  
palo alto, ca 94301

press inquiries

  * email [media@wikihow.com](mailto:media@wikihow.com)
  * call 650-492-8008

community liaison

  * please contact [jayne](/user_talk:jayneg "user_talk:jayneg")
    * email [jayne@wikihow.com](mailto:jayne@wikihow.com)

  

this agreement was last modified on 4, december 2012.

cookies make wikihow better. by continuing to use our site, you agree to our
[cookie policy](/wikihow:cookie-policy).

[random article](/special:randomizer)[write an article](/special:createpage)

### featured articles

[ ![catch a fly with your
hands](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/6/62/catch-a-fly-with-your-hands-
step-11-version-3.jpg/-crop-126-120-126px-catch-a-fly-with-your-hands-
step-11-version-3.jpg)

how to  
catch a fly with your hands

](/catch-a-fly-with-your-hands)

[ ![cook calamari](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/3/39/cook-calamari-
step-29.jpg/-crop-126-120-126px-cook-calamari-step-29.jpg)

how to  
cook calamari

](/cook-calamari)

[ ![delete cookies in google
chrome](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/e/e3/buy-a-stock-without-a-
stockbroker-step-10.jpg/-crop-126-120-126px-buy-a-stock-without-a-stockbroker-
step-10.jpg)

how to  
delete cookies in google chrome

](/delete-cookies-in-google-chrome)

[ ![prepare channa masala](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/9/95/prepare-
channa-masala-step-13.jpg/-crop-126-120-126px-prepare-channa-masala-
step-13.jpg)

how to  
prepare channa masala

](/prepare-channa-masala)

  

  

[ ![wikihow](/skins/owl/images/wikihow_logo_intl.png) ](/main-page)

wikihow newsletter

you're all set!

helpful how-tos delivered to  
your inbox every week!

sign me up!

by signing up you are agreeing to receive emails according to our privacy
policy.

  * [home](/main-page "main page")
  * [about wikihow](/about-wikihow "about wikihow")
  * [experts](https://www.wikihow.com/experts)
  * [jobs](/wikihow:jobs "wikihow:jobs")
  * [contact us](/wikihow:contact-us "wikihow:contact us")
  * [site map](/special:sitemap "special:sitemap")
  * terms of use
  * [privacy policy](/wikihow:privacy-policy "wikihow:privacy policy")
  * do not sell my info
  * not selling info
  * [contribute](https://www.wikihow.com/wikihow:contribute)

follow us

[](https://www.instagram.com/wikihow/
"instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/wikihow/
"facebook")[](https://twitter.com/wikihow
"twitter")[](https://www.youtube.com/wikihow
"youtube")[](https://wikihow.us13.list-
manage.com/subscribe?u=7d3ca675de04729b75ecca92b&id=2e1c5aad27 "newsletter")

x

#### help us do more

we've been helping billions of people around the world continue to learn,
adapt, grow, and thrive for over a decade. but with the arrival of covid-19,
the stakes are higher than ever. every dollar contributed enables us to keep
providing high-quality how-to help to people like you. [please consider
supporting our work with a contribution to
wikihow](https://www.wikihow.com/wikihow:contribute).

[let's do this!](/wikihow:contribute)

187

