[ ![xing](https://privacy.xing.com/images/xing-logo.svg)
![xing](https://privacy.xing.com/images/xing-logo-mobile.svg) privacy at xing
](https://privacy.xing.com/en) menu [](javascript:void\(0\))
[](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [introduction](https://privacy.xing.com/en)
  * [your privacy](https://privacy.xing.com/en/your-privacy)
  * [your security](https://privacy.xing.com/en/your-security)
  * [who to contact](https://privacy.xing.com/en/who-to-contact)
  * [updates](https://privacy.xing.com/en/updates)
  * [privacy policy](https://privacy.xing.com/en/privacy-policy)

# privacy policy (printable version)

## [general information](javascript:void\(0\))

## how is your personal data processed?

### [1\. general statement about the purposes of data
processing](javascript:void\(0\))

### [2\. information you provide to us](javascript:void\(0\))

### [3\. information automatically collected through your use of
xing](javascript:void\(0\))

### [4\. information we obtain about you from other
sources](javascript:void\(0\))

### [5\. who may receive information about you? ](javascript:void\(0\))

## [what rights can you exercise? ](javascript:void\(0\))

## [terms used in our privacy policy](javascript:void\(0\))

## general information

  * last updated: 5 february 2021
  * here we inform you about data processing in connection with the entire service xing and its applications (kununu etc.). 
  * new work se is the body responsible for the processing of personal data.
  * our data protection officer is felix lasse. 

#### xing is a comprehensive service with various applications

[xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) is a service intended through a
variety of different applications to improve and simplify users' professional
lives. the combination of these applications gives users the best possible
user experience and the widest range of functionality. with the boundaries
between our professional and private lives becoming ever more intertwined, and
correlations occurring between the two, [xing](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing) is focused not only on a professional context but also
includes applications in a private context. [xing](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing) is particularly interested in opening up new
capabilities for users (primarily in a professional context, but also in their
private lives), making it easier for them to form horizontal networks,
democratising information, fostering the exchange of information, and
supporting lifelong learning. in order to fulfil these aims,
[xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) makes offers, recommendations and
services available to its users, often on the basis of data it has collected,
and encourages interaction – both within and beyond a user’s network. the
applications that make up the service xing include, in particular, the [social
network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network) where users can acquire a
membership, an events platform, an employer rating platform and a platform to
foster employee engagement. some of the xing applications may appear online
under another brand name or in the form of other [xing websites](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing-websites) (e.g. kununu, hallofreelancer).  
  
we provide this privacy policy to inform you about data processing in
connection with the entire service xing (including all applications). we also
provide additional information about data processing for the following
applications, which you can access on the respective websites of the
applications:

  * [xing talentmanager](https://www.xing.com/legal/privacy_policy_talentmanager)
  * [xing talentpoolmanager](https://www.xing.com/legal/privacy_policy_talentpoolmanager)
  * [xing adcreator](https://www.xing.com/terms)
  * [xing exchange](https://xing-exchange.xing.com/datenschutz)
  * [freelancermanager](https://www.xing.com/legal/privacy_policy_freelancermanager)

#### responsible body

we, new work se, assume the role of controller as per the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr). in other
words, we are the legal entity that shall determine the purposes and means of
the processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) .
our contact details are as follows: dammtorstrasse 30, 20354 hamburg, germany,
tel.: +49 40 419 131-0, fax: +49 40 419 131-11, e-mail:
[info@xing.com.](mailto:info@xing.com)

#### data protection officer

our data protection officer is felix lasse, dammtorstrasse 30, 20354 hamburg,
germany, e-mail:
[datenschutzbeauftragter@xing.com](mailto:datenschutzbeauftragter@xing.com).

#### processing for another purpose

the purposes for which we process your [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) are outlined in the section [1\. general
statement about the purposes of data processing](/en/privacy-
policy/information-about-the-purposes-of-data-processing). we will inform you
once again should we process your personal data for any other purpose, i.e.
for a purpose other than the one the personal data was originally saved for.

#### duty to provide and necessity of personal data for contract closure

you are not legally required to make your [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) available. nevertheless, in order to close a
user contract you must provide information such as your name and e-mail
address. without this information we are not able to enter into such a
contract with you. within the scope of the user contract, we are contractually
obliged to keep the data provided in its precise and complete form for all
applications used by you and for the entire duration of the contractual term.
during the initial process of data entry we inform you if the provision of
[personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) is necessary for a
particular feature or application ("mandatory field"). where data is required,
any failure to provide this information will result in the respective feature
or application not being accessible to you the user. in the case of optional
data, not making this information available may mean that our services cannot
be provided in the same form or scope.

## how is your personal data processed?

### 1\. general statement about the purposes of data processing

the main reason we process [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is to fulfil our contractual obligations
towards our users. the processing of data is required, for example, for us to
be able to suggest suitable contacts, services and information to you.

operating a service like [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) is subject
to dynamic change by its very nature. it is not therefore possible to share
every single detail about our data processing with you, but we do intend to
inform you of all the key information. we process data first and foremost in
order to fulfill our contractual obligations towards our users. in addition to
this, we process your data to preserve our justifiable interests while taking
your interests into account (e.g. when we send you promotional
[newsletters](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/newsletter)). and, of course, in
some cases we are legally obliged to process data (e.g. to pass the data on to
any investigative authorities). in all other cases we will ask for your
separate consent to process your data (e.g. when [using tracking technologies
for the measurement and optimisation of advertising](/en/privacy-
policy/information-we-automatically-receive-through-your-use-of-
xing/measurement-and-optimisation-of-advertising) or when you enter a prize
draw). when it comes to fulfilling our contractual obligations towards our
users, we try to tailor our products and services to the needs of users at all
times. personalisation is important here. interest and usage profiles are
created. in order to be able to show you recommendations, e.g. for jobs,
events, groups or contacts, and to suggest you as a valuable business contact
or potential employee, we must have an idea of what your interests might be.
in order to ascertain these interests we use information that you provide to
us, in addition to implicit feedback, i.e. information that we automatically
obtain through your usage of our service (by means of so-called "tracking"),
as well as information that we may possibly receive indirectly (e.g. through a
[user's address book or upload](/en/privacy-policy/information-we-receive-
about-you-from-other-sources)). in order to meet our contractual obligations,
we also serve you third-party advertising tailored to your needs and interests
wherever possible. to this end, we provide advertisers with certain targeting
criteria. advertisers can state, for example, that they would like to target
"directors" at companies with "1,000-5,000 employees".

### 2\. information you provide to us

this refers to data we obtain from you directly and information you publish
and send on [xing websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-websites) such
as:

  * login details (e.g. username and password)
  * profile information (e.g. job title, company name, industry, educational background, contact options, photo)
  * messages, group posts, event participation, billing details

this includes data that we have obtained from you directly and information
that you publish or send on [xing websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-
websites). there are both mandatory entry fields (which as marked as such) and
optional information you can provide.

#### login details

when you register to be able to use [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing)
applications we have to record and process certain [personal
data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) as your login data.

#### category

e.g.

  * username
  * e-mail address to log in
  * mobile number to log in
  * password

#### visibility

your login data is not visible to third parties. we will not ever pass this
information on to third parties under any circumstances.

#### period saved for

we delete this data when you delete your user account.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### mandatory information in the social network

you have to fill in certain mandatory fields when you register. this
information is essential for a functioning professional network.

#### category

e.g.

  * title, first name and last name
  * job title and company name
  * industry
  * place: city and country

#### visibility

the following mandatory information is always visible without limitation to
other users in the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-
network):

  * first name, last name
  * job title and company name
  * industry
  * place: city and country

#### period saved for

we delete this data when you delete your user account.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### optional information in the social network

as well as the mandatory information we require, you can also enter additional
information to make it easier for users to get to know you better and, for
example, identify and select you as a suitable business contact.

#### category

e.g.

  * business e-mail address and phone number
  * private interests
  * private contact
  * educational background
  * photo
  * portfolio

#### visibility

your optional information is visible to all users in the social network after
you enter it. in some cases, you can choose whether optional information
should only be visible to certain users in the social network.

if you activate the "around you" feature with bluetooth also activated, other
xing users with this feature activated will be sought within a radius of 10 to
20 metres (depending on your device). this feature can act as a substitute for
exchanging conventional business cards. to provide this feature, your profile
details, including your name, company name, your job title and your photo are
displayed to other users. we do not use bluetooth permanently in the
background and do not track your location.

#### privacy

you can retract most optional information at any time for the future by
deleting the respective data in your [profile](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/profile).  with your contact details and date of birth, you
can decide on a case-by-case basis whether and to what extent this information
should be visible for a particular user in the [social network](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/social-network).

#### period saved for

if you delete the data, it will be removed from the social network. we will
erase the data in full when you delete your user account.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### mandatory information in other applications

in order to provide our services we require certain information from you. on
our employer review platform we only need your e-mail address. on our events
platform more detailed information is required in order to process and bill
your participation in events.

#### category

e.g.

  * first name, last name
  * e-mail address
  * company name

#### visibility

whether and to what extent your mandatory information is visible to other
users depends on whether and to what extent the respective application is
geared towards anonymity. please refer to the respective application for more
information.

#### period saved for

we delete this data when you delete your user account.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### optional information in other applications

as well as the mandatory information we require, you can also enter additional
information to make as effective use as possible of the respective
application.

#### category

e.g.

  * employer reviews
  * photo

#### visibility

whether and to what extent your mandatory information is visible to other
users depends on whether and to what extent the respective application is
geared towards anonymity. please refer to the respective application for more
information.

#### period saved for

if you delete the data, it will be removed from the respective application. we
will erase the data in full when you delete your user account. we may also
save certain information (e.g. employer reviews) in an anonymous form beyond
this point.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### e-mail address(es)

we use the electronic mail address(es) that you have provided to us to send
you regular [newsletters](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/newsletter) and/or
status e-mails electronically, in addition to advertising for our own related
products and services, or surveys for the purpose of our own market research,
unless you have objected to this form of usage. the [newsletters](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/newsletter) are a simple and effective way of finding out
about new features on [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing), for example,
having interesting contacts suggested to you, or receiving certain personal
statistics. we also use the e-mail addresses you provided us with (with the
exception of the login e-mail address) to ensure that your
[profile](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/profile) can be found by other users of
the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network) and to be
able to display your profile to these users.

#### privacy

you can unsubscribe to [newsletters](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/newsletter)
at any time, either in your notification settings in the [social
network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network) or by clicking on the
link provided at the end of e-mail [newsletters](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/newsletter). it’s possible to unsubscribe to
[newsletters](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/newsletter) and notifications in
individual applications too, although there are different ways of going about
this.

#### period saved for

if you delete the e-mail address(es), it/they will be removed from the
respective application. we will erase the e-mail address(es) in full when you
delete your user account.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) are article 6 (1) f) (newsletters) and article
6 (1) b) of the [eu general data protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### your contacts in the social network

those users in the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-
network) who you ask to join your personal network will be saved on your
[profile](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/profile) in a list of contacts. if a
user in the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network)
confirms your contact request, they become a so-called "confirmed contact" for
you. another way of connecting with users is the more non-committal "follow"
option. the user in the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-
network) who you want to follow does not have to confirm your request.

#### visibility

other users in the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-
network) can only ever see your confirmed contacts and people you're
following.

#### privacy

your default privacy settings mean that the list of your confirmed contacts is
visible to all users in the [social network](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/social-network). you can alter this setting at any time so
that your list of confirmed contacts is hidden from everyone or is only
visible to certain groups of users, e.g. only to contacts of your confirmed
contacts (second degree contacts).

#### period saved for

we delete this data when you delete your user account.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### private messages on the social network

you can exchange private messages with other users in the [social
network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network). as well as text, content
you can send to other users includes images and your exact location. you will
also receive e-mail notifications about new messages via the e-mail address
your provided.

#### visibility

private messages can never be accessed by anyone other than those individuals
who send or receive them.

#### privacy

the default settings for messages is that all other users in the [social
network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network) may send you messages.
you can adjust these settings at any time so that either nobody can send you
private messages or only users up to a certain degree of separation to you,
e.g. only contacts of your confirmed contacts (second degree contacts).

#### period saved for

we save this data until your user account is deleted. the recipients of your
messages will not however have these conversations erased when you delete your
user account. this data is only deleted in full once it has been deleted by
both the sender and recipients.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### your shared content and reactions on the social network

in the social network there are various ways of sharing content with others
and reacting to content.

#### category

e.g.

  * shared posts and links to the start page
  * posts in groups
  * recommendations
  * comments
  * likes
  * consents

#### visibility

generally speaking, the content and reactions you share in the [social
network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network) are visible to all users
in the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network).  
any comments you make in xing klartext articles and any content you post in
groups marked as "public" are subject to a greater degree of visibility. this
information can also be accessed outside of the [social network](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/social-network) for non-users and can be found in online
search engines.  
for individual features the level of visibility may be more restricted (e.g.
only visible to contacts). in such cases you will be informed about visibility
when using the respective feature. please be aware that even if you restrict
visibility, the content and reactions that you share may become visible beyond
your own network if your contacts choose to share this information with other
users.

#### privacy

you can deactivate the traceability of your posts in groups marked as "public"
by internet search engines or by so-called rss readers in your privacy
settings under "privacy".

#### period saved for

if you delete the content you shared and the reactions, they will be removed
from the social network. we will erase them in full or make them anonymous
when you delete your user account.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### billing details

if you use [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) applications that you pay
for, we will collect and use your billing details to process payments and
invoices in accordance with the method of payment you choose. your billing
details are saved for payment and invoice processing when your user term is
automatically renewed.

#### category

e.g.

  * bank details

#### visibility

billing details cannot be seen by other users under any circumstances.

#### period saved for

we save this data until your user account is deleted or beyond this point,
until a time when the data is no longer subject to any tax-related, commercial
or other statutory storage obligations.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### events data

as a user it is possible to create events and other similar services on [xing
websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-websites). you can invite other
users and/or third parties to certain events.

#### visibility

the event host can determine whether or not, or which data about an event is
visible for users and/or third parties. this might include information
detailing whether the event is open to users only or the general public and
therefore third parties, whether the number of participants is limited, and
whether the guest list is publicly accessible or restricted.

#### period saved for

we save this data until the event has been deleted.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### data when providing user feedback

if you provide us with feedback of your own volition or when taking part in
one of our surveys, we will process your data in order to conduct the survey,
or to evaluate and, where applicable, implement your feedback.  
in some cases we may ask for separate consent from you to process your data
provided as part of a survey.

#### period saved for

we save this data until your user account is deleted, unless you have provided
consent to it being processed beyond this point.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) are article 6 (1) a) (separate consent) and
article 6 (1) b) of the [eu general data protection regulation
(gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### data when taking part in prize draws

if you choose to enter a prize draw we offer, we will process your data
insofar as it is required for the purposes of this draw.  
in some cases we may ask for separate consent from you to process your data
provided as part of the prize draw in other ways.

#### period saved for

the data collected as a result of your entering the prize draw will be deleted
once the draw has closed, unless you have provided consent to your data being
processed beyond this point.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) a) (separate consent) and b)
of the [eu general data protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

#### data provided when contacting our customer service team

if you contact our customer service team, we process the data you provide so
as to be able to handle your query. we may request separate consent to process
your data, and only process your data for other purposes in compliance with
statutory requirements pursuant to article 6 (4) of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr)

#### period saved for

we only save copies of identification documents you provide us with for
verification purposes to the extent required to perform said verification,
with copies generally deleted after 30 days at the latest. data we receive
from you when contacting our customer service team is deleted in full 7 years
following completion of the respective customer request at the latest.

#### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) are article 6 (1) a) (separate consent) of the
[eu general data protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-
gdpr), article 6 (1) b) (processing necessary for the performance of a
contract) of the [eu general data protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr), article 6 (1) f) (processing based on the weighing
of interests) of the [eu general data protection regulation
(gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr), and article 6 (1) c) (processing
necessary for compliance with a legal obligation) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

### 3\. information automatically collected through your use of xing

data about you is automatically collated by means of tracking while you visit
or make use of the [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) service. here you
can find out:

  * how tracking works
  * why tracking is used (ensuring security, provision of our service, measurement and optimisation of advertising, and determination of statistics). 

data about you is automatically collated by means of tracking whenever you
visit or make use of the [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) service.
this takes place with the help of various tracking technologies.

#### how does tracking work?

in the so-called "back end", at our web server level, we collect the data of
logged-in users and other visitors, which we use first and foremost for the
provision and preservation of the security of the service xing. in the "front
end", on your end device, we, or third parties we use, use
[cookies](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/cookies), [pixels](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/pixel), local storage and similar tracking technologies to
collect data about logged-in users and other visitors to enable the [provision
of our service](/en/privacy-policy/information-we-automatically-receive-
through-your-use-of-xing/provision-of-our-service) and the analysis of user
behaviour, and for the [measurement and optimisation of
advertising](/en/privacy-policy/information-we-automatically-receive-through-
your-use-of-xing/measurement-and-optimisation-of-advertising). in addition, we
record your usage behaviour in connection with e-mails we send you, e.g.
whether and when you have opened an e-mail, and which links you clicked on.
tracking involves the processing of login data (e.g. date and time of the
visit, referrer, ip address, cookie id, location data, product and version
information about the browser or app used, device id or data) and interaction
data (e.g. pages viewed or searches carried out). in order to be able to
identify you as a user during your visit to [xing](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing), we use so-called session [cookies](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/cookies). these session [cookies](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/cookies) are automatically deleted at the end of a session.
these [cookies](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/cookies) are required to be able
to use [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing). when you register you can
choose to remain logged in. if you do, a [cookie](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/cookies) is then saved in the browser of your end device that
means that you don’t need to log in again for as long as the
[cookie](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/cookies) remains saved. we also conduct a
very approximate geo-localisation that informs us of the towns/cities you have
been to. in order to do this we use your shorted and anonymised ip address,
and your geo-coordinates if you have agreed to this on your mobile end device.
we do not save your precise location. we only store information about which
cities you are in on a regular basis. specific addresses or geo-coordinates
are not saved.

#### the purposes of tracking and your opt-out options

#### ensuring security

one reason for tracking is to ensure and preserve the legitimate interest of
the protection of users, the security of user data, xing websites, and the
xing service. to this end, we save the data we record for up to 90 days in its
full form. only a limited number of our employees with the respective
authorisation rights have access to this data. the legal basis for this
processing of personal data are article 6 (1) f) and article 32 of the eu
general data protection regulation (gdpr).

#### provision of our service

we mainly use tracking and the associated user behaviour analysis to meet our
contractual obligations and to perform pre-contractual measures. the legal
basis for this processing of personal data is article 6 (1) b) of the eu
general data protection regulation (gdpr). if tracking is not used to meet our
contractual obligations or to perform pre-contractual measures, but to provide
the service you visit or use, the legal basis for this processing is article 6
(1) f) of the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr). to this end, we
pursue the legitimate interest of providing you with a smooth and user-
friendly service.

tracking and analysing user behaviour helps us to review and optimise the
effectiveness of our service, and to identify and correct any errors and
faults. to this end, we also use several services from third-party providers,
such as google. if we use third-party providers, data may be processed outside
of the eu in so-called third countries where the level of data protection
applied may not match eu standards. this means there is a risk that
authorities in third countries may be able to access third-party provider
data, possibly without any means of redress, for monitoring or surveillance
purposes. we endeavour at all times to adapt our products and services to the
needs of our users. personalisation is an important aspect here. analysing
data obtained from tracking is necessary to make personalised services
available to you in accordance with the contractual purpose of
[xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) and to ensure that you gain the great
possible benefit from [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) the implicit
feedback that you provide to us through our tracking of your usage of
[xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) forms an important part of
understanding what content you are more or less interested in, and being able
to suggest you to other users as a valuable business contact or potential
employee. this implicit feedback is enormously important as the information
you provide to us is reflective of the past and the present for the most part,
and says little about what interests you have with regard to the future.
interest profiles produced, for example, with the help of click data or
searches you have conducted often form a better basis for estimating whether
you, for example, are interested in finding a new job and what type of job
openings you might be particularly interested in. when you delete your user
account we delete or anonymise the [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) we have obtained through tracking in order to
provide our service.

#### examples

#### clickpath

one important feature to result from our analyses is, for example, the
provision of the "clickpath". this is an essential part of contact management
and as such an essential feature of xing. clickpath is a function of the
service xing which registers access to users’ profiles by other users, as well
as to event pages, business pages, employer branding profiles, job ads, or
access to specific information contained therein. the information registered
by clickpath is only available to premium members, users who post job ads,
operators of business pages and employer branding profiles, and organisers who
have booked the event plus option for their events. by using clickpath you can
see, as a premium member, e.g. which other users have visited your
[profile](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/profile). by the same token, all other
premium members can do the same, i.e. they may see whether you have visited
their profile, event page, business page, employer branding profile or job ad.
you are not able to deactivate this feature in your privacy settings. if you
do not agree that other users may see that you have visited their profile,
business page, etc., you should refrain from using the service xing.

#### recommendations

another important feature resulting from our analyses are recommendations that
we tailor to you personally on the basis of your user data. we can, for
example, recommend job offers, relevant news, events or interesting contacts
to you.

#### personal statistics

in order to be able to identify you as a valuable business contact or
potential employee, we may show other users information about your personal
[xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) usage. this might include your level
of user activity, the number of things you have in common with a respective
profile visitor, events you have attended, the number times you have visited a
user’s [profile](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/profile), how long you have been
a member and what kind of membership you have.

#### you can opt out of tracking by the following third-party providers:

#### adobe digital analytics

we use the tracking tool adobe digital analytics. whenever you are logged in
as a user on [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) your data is matched
with your user id during the tracking process. if you are not logged in as a
user, tracking is pseudonymous, i.e. we are not able to directly deduce
information regarding your identity from information we obtain from tracking.
the [cookies](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/cookies) used for the web analysis
contain an id which allows us to identify your end device’s browser. we have
closed a data processing agreement with the provider and your ip addresses are
anonymised immediately after collection and [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is processed within the european union.

you can opt out of tracking by adobe digital analytics at any time, simply by
clicking on the following link and opting to exclude yourself from visitor
session aggregation and analysis: [
https://nats.xing.com/optout.html?popup=1](
https://nats.xing.com/optout.html?popup=1)  
  
please note that this opt-out option installs a [cookie](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/cookies) on the end device you’re using when you click on the
link. you therefore might not be excluded from tracking if you then delete the
[cookie](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/cookies) in question. when using mobile
apps, you need to opt out in the respective app settings.

#### google analytics

we use the web analysis tool google analytics, developed by google inc.
("google"). google analytics uses so-called "[cookies](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/cookies)": text files that are saved on your computer and
enable the analysis of your usage of a website. the information generated by
the [cookie](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/cookies) about your use of this
website (including your ip address) is transferred to a server of google in
the usa and saved there. we use the so-called "_anonymizeip()" script here,
which ensures that your ip address (after identifying the geolocation) is
immediately anonymised by google. we have also closed a data processing
agreement with google. google will use this information to evaluate your use
of the website, to compile reports about website activity for website
operators, and to provide other services relating to website and online usage.
google may also pass this information on to third parties if this is required
by law or if these third parties process the data on behalf of google. google
will not link your ip address to any other data about you it has stored.  
  
you can prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the settings in your
browser software accordingly; please note though that you may not be able to
use all the features of the [xing websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-
websites) in full as a result. google also offers so-called deactivation tools
for some web browsers, where you can opt out of your user behaviour being
recorded and analysed. you will find more information and download options for
these tools here: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-gb>

#### braze

we use the 'braze' service to collect your usage of some parts of the platform
to be able to serve you personal tips and information.  
  
you can enable or deactivate this data collection. we recommend you enable it
so we can provide you with useful tips and information (e.g. about updates to
the features you use, or current billing information).

  * opt in to data collection with braze 

please note that opting out of cookies is device-specific. this means that if
you delete your cookie or use a different computer or web browser, you will
need to opt out again. when using mobile apps, you can opt out in the app
settings.

#### ibm watson campaign automation

we would like to show you content that is tailored to your interests. we show
this content on our websites or in e-mails. to do that, we use the 'ibm watson
automation' service to collect your usage data.  
  
you can enable or deactivate this data collection by ibm watson automation. we
recommend you enable it so we can keep providing you with relevant content and
with useful tips and information about xing solutions.

  * opt in to data collection with ibm watson campaign automation 

please note that by opting out of data collection, a cookie will be set which
saves this setting. if you delete this cookie or use a different device or web
browser, you will need to opt out again.

#### wingify/vwo

we use a tool called vwo to run a/b tests. you can opt out of this kind of web
analysis [here](https://vwo.com/opt-out/)

#### measurement and optimisation of advertising

tracking helps us to obtain metrics for the success of advertising campaigns
and to optimise the way that online ads are displayed. your user id is not
sent to third-party providers. the cookies have a lifespan of up to 2 years.  
in this context, the servers of third-party providers (e.g. marketers) might
be accessed directly when using xing. here, the respective third-party
provider may record the fact that you visited our website(s). in addition,
such site visits may lead to information being sent to some of these third-
party providers with the aim of optimising and measuring the performance of
our advertising. this includes, for example, information about the kind of
pages you visited, or you belonging to a certain target audience we have
defined. calling third-party provider servers directly allows third-party
providers to use cookies and advertising ids for retargeting purposes.
retargeting technologies enables third-party providers to show you
personalised advertising based on your previous browsing behaviour on partner
websites. third-party providers are, to some extent, able to link your various
technical ids and thus show you personalised advertising across multiple
devices. third-party providers such as xandr enable us to offer advertising
campaigns outside of xing so that advertisers can also promote their products
and services on and outside of xing based on targeting criteria we supply to
advertisers. to this end, advertisers do not receive any of your personal
data. to measure and evaluate an advertising campaign's performance, we may
send the third-party provider randomly generated click ids which enable us to
assign user conversions to a certain campaign.  
third-party providers are solely responsible for operating their it systems in
line with applicable data-protection practices and law. third-party providers
are responsible for deciding how long data is stored for. if we use third-
party providers, data may be processed outside of the eu in so-called third
countries where the level of data protection applied may not match eu
standards. this means there is a risk that authorities in third countries may
be able to access third-party provider data, possibly without any means of
redress, for monitoring or surveillance purposes.  
  
tracking for the measurement and optimisation of advertising is based on your
consent, see article 6 (1) a) of the eu general data protection regulation
(gdpr). you can withdraw your consent at any time.

#### third-party providers we use

in the following you will find further information about the tracking
technologies used and information from providers about data processing.

#### google

more information is available
[here](https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites)

#### bing

more information is available [here](https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-
settings/signedout?ru=https:%2f%2faccount.microsoft.com%2fprivacy%2fad-
settings)

#### criteo

more information is available [here](https://www.criteo.com/privacy/)

#### linkedin

more information is available
[here](https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/actions-that-showed-
interest)

#### facebook pixel

we use the so-called "facebook pixel" developed by facebook inc., 1601 s.
california ave, palo alto, ca 94304, usa to create "custom audiences". this
serves the purpose of optimising our advertising in the social network
facebook, of placing only relevant advertising there, and measuring the
success of our facebook advertising campaigns. the facebook
[pixel](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/pixel) makes it possible for facebook to
identify visitors to the [xing websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-
websites) as a target group for the display of ads in the social network
facebook.  
  
a direct link to the facebook servers is established via the facebook
[pixel](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/pixel) implemented on the [xing
websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-websites) when a user visits the
[xing websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-websites). the facebook
server is informed here that you have visited the [xing websites](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing-websites), and information is also transferred about
which specific pages you viewed. in addition, individual information and
parameters are transferred that are required for the optimisation of our ads,
to increase relevance and measure success. this relates in particular to
information about so-called "conversion events" on [xing](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing) (e.g. whether a registration or a purchase was
completed).  
  
further information about the collection and usage of data by facebook and
about your corresponding right and options for protecting your privacy can be
found in the facebook data policy at
<https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>.

#### twitter

we use twitter, a service provided by twitter inc., to track conversion and to
post target-group-based online advertisements. to do so, we implemented a
twitter tag on our website. when you visit our websites, this tag creates a
direct link to the twitter servers so that twitter knows you visited our
websites and whether you performed any requests or similar. twitter assigns
this information to your personal twitter user account. we are then able to
serve (remarketing) advertisements based on your previous page views and
activity. the data twitter processes in this regard does not allow us to
identify you. these pseudonyms are also not linked to any of your other
personal data. to learn about your rights and privacy options, and for more
information about how twitter collects and uses data, visit the twitter
privacy policy: <https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=de>

#### ad-defend

more information is available [here](https://www.addefend.com/en)

#### performance media

more information is available [here](https://www.performance-media.de)

#### adform

more information in german is available
[here](https://site.adform.com/de/privacy-center/platform/widerrufsrecht/)

#### adjust

more information is available [here](https://www.adjust.com/)

#### adition

more information is available [here](https://www.adition.com/)

#### outbrain

more information is available [here](https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy)

#### pinterest

more information is available [here](https://policy.pinterest.com/privacy-
policy)

#### appnexus

more information is available [here](https://www.appnexus.com/platform-
privacy-policy-072016)

#### snap pixel

we use the so-called "snap pixel" developed by snap inc., 2772 donald douglas
loop north, santa monica, ca 90405, usa to create "custom audiences". this
serves the purpose of optimising our advertising in the social network snap,
of placing only relevant advertising there, and measuring the success of our
snap advertising campaigns. the snap [pixel](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/pixel) makes it possible for snap to identify visitors to the
[xing websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-websites) as a target group
for the display of ads in the social network snap.  
  
a direct link to the snap servers is established via the snap
[pixel](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/pixel) implemented on the [xing
websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-websites) when a user visits the
[xing websites](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing-websites). the snap server is
informed here that you have visited the [xing websites](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing-websites), and information is also transferred about
which specific pages you viewed. in addition, individual information and
parameters are transferred that are required for the optimisation of our ads,
to increase relevance and measure success. this relates in particular to
information about so-called "conversion events" on [xing](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing) (e.g. whether a registration or a purchase was
completed).  
  
further information about the collection and usage of data by snap and about
your corresponding right and options for protecting your privacy can be found
in the snap privacy center at <https://www.snap.com/en-us/privacy/privacy-
center/>.

#### xandr

[more information](https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/)

#### optinmonster

[more information](https://optinmonster.com/gdpr/cookies/)

#### opting out of tracking for the measurement and optimisation of
advertising in our applications

###  tracking settings for individual xing applications

the links below allow you to select your tracking settings for individual
applications.  
please note that tracking opt-outs are handled by way of a cookie set on your
end device. should you delete this cookie or use a different end device or
browser, you'll need to opt out of tracking again.  
when using mobile apps, you need to opt out in the respective app settings.

####  opt-in tracking settings

your changes only apply in the browser you’re currently using.

  * tracking on xing [ adapt opt-in ](https://www.xing.com/?showuserconsentbanner=1)
  * tracking on xing events [ adapt opt-in ](https://www.xing-events.com/?showuserconsentbanner=1)
  * tracking on kununu [ adapt opt-in ](https://www.kununu.com/?showuserconsentbanner=1)
  * tracking on new work [ adapt opt-in ](https://www.new-work.se/?showuserconsentbanner=1)
  * tracking on bewerbung.com [ adapt opt-in ](https://www.bewerbung.com/?showuserconsentbanner=1)
  * tracking on lebenslauf.com [ adapt opt-in ](https://www.lebenslauf.com/?showuserconsentbanner=1)
  * tracking on anschreiben.com [ adapt opt-in ](https://www.anschreiben.com/?showuserconsentbanner=1)
  * tracking on hallofreelancer [ adapt opt-in ](https://www.hallofreelancer.com/?showuserconsentbanner=1)

#### erasure of previously saved cookies

we do not erase cookies saved on your end device if you withdraw your consent.
by withdrawing your consent in the tracking settings for individual xing
applications, you only opt out of tracking for the measurement and
optimisation of advertising in the respective applications.  
  
if you visit third-party sites that are not covered by these tracking
settings, those third parties will still be able to access cookies saved in
your end device. if you'd like to prevent this, please erase the third-party
provider cookies from your end device. but please don't delete the
"userconsent" cookies we set as otherwise we won't be able to determine
whether you opted in or out of tracking for the measurement and optimisation
of advertising in the respective xing applications. if you delete this cookie,
you'll then be prompted to opt in or out of tracking for the measurement and
optimisation of advertising when you next visit our application.  
  
the process required to delete cookies and set what information your browser
saves depends on the browser you use. please refer to the help section of your
browser for further details.

####  advertising id settings for ios and android:

id settings (e.g. ad id) for a certain ios or android device are provided in
your ios or android settings.

#### tracking of content and your opt-out options

#### tracking in embedded third-party content

you will also find content produced by external providers on xing
applications. this content is integrated into the xing environment you’re
familiar with from external websites. when it comes to this external content
we have no control over the type of tracking used.

#### opting out of tracking within the xing environment

if you’d like to prevent tracking by external providers within the xing
environment, you can deactivate the integration. as soon as you begin using
any of the external content you will leave the xing environment and be
automatically forwarded directly to the page of the provider. please note:
this doesn’t necessarily result in less tracking – it is only means that the
tracking does not take place on [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing).

  * note for xing members: 

please visit your settings to adjust your tracking settings for all devices.

[ go to your xing settings ](https://www.xing.com/settings/privacy/data)

opt in to tracking on xing

as a non-member these changes only apply in the browser you're currently
using.

### 4\. information we obtain about you from other sources

some information about you that we process does not come directly from you.
this might be the case, for example, if a user shares this information with us
or we obtain it from other sources.

we also process data that we haven’t obtained directly from you. this occurs
whenever a user provides us with information or we collect information from
other sources. in such cases we process the respective data within the scope
of fulfilment of our contractual obligations towards the respective user
and/or to safeguard our legitimate interests, while giving due consideration
to your interests.

#### data from address book or list uploads

this includes data which can be extracted from an address book or list (e.g.
smartphone address book, e-mail address book or csv file), e.g.:

  * first and last name
  * e-mail addresses
  * phone numbers
  * job title and company name
  * place: city and country
  * twitter and facebook handles

##### intended purpose

we provide users with various address book and list upload features to enable
them to expand their network on [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) or to
invite non-users. if we permanently save the data uploaded by way of an
aforementioned feature, we make appropriate functions available to users to
manage the data and, in particular, to delete this data. users have the right
and the option to cease the processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) at any time.

##### source of the data

users who already have access to your data can upload this information to
[xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing).

##### visibility

no third parties have access to the uploaded data.

##### period saved for and objection

if the respective upload feature is only used for a single user search,
categorisation or grouping, the data uploaded will be deleted immediately
afterwards. if the respective upload feature requires permanent storage of the
uploaded data, we save this data until the respective user either deletes this
data themselves or their user account is deleted.  
the invited non-users can select an opt-out link in the invitation e-mail to
object to the sending of further invitations or invitation reminders to their
respective e-mail address.

##### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) is article 6 (1) f) of the [eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr)](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr) .

#### events data

this includes the following data, which users provide us with to register
attendees for an event at the organiser's request:

  * salutation, title, first name and last name
  * e-mail address
  * company name

##### intended purpose

users who purchase tickets via the events platform can also register other
persons as event attendees. if a ticket buyer uses this feature, personal data
is processed on the ticket buyer's behalf and responsibility. xing provides
ticket buyers with suitable features to manage data processed on their behalf,
in particular data deletion options.

##### source of the data

users who have data for other persons can register them as event attendees by
entering said data on xing.

##### visibility

the organiser can access the attendee's registration details.

##### period saved for and objection

we save this data until the respective user either deletes this data
themselves or their user account is deleted. you have the right to file an
objection at any time to the processing of your personal data pursuant to
article 6 (1) f) of the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr). please
use our contact form to file your objection.

##### legal basis

the legal basis for this processing of personal data is article 6 (1) f) of
the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr).

### 5\. who may receive information about you?

you can find out here who we disclose data to, what purpose this serves, and
how you can customise your privacy settings on [xing](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing). by the way, we only ever pass your [personal
data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) on to third parties when:

  * this is required for us to fulfil our business purposes, e.g. when we make your profile accessible to another user
  * you have granted your consent (e.g. for use of an external application)
  * we are obliged to do so on legal grounds, by court order, or at the request of another official authority. 

we only pass your [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data)
on to third parties when this is required to fulfil our business purposes
(i.e. in particular to perform the services we are obliged to provide you
with, e.g. making your [profile](/en/datenschutzerklaerung/glossar/profil)
available to another user), when you have given your consent to this (e.g.
when using an external application), or when we are obliged to on legal
grounds, by court order, or at the request of another official authority. in
cases where we work together with external service providers for our data
processing (e.g. in software development), this is usually carried out on an
order processing basis, whereby we remain responsible for data processing. we
review each of these service providers beforehand with regard to the measures
they have undertaken to ensure data protection and data security, thereby
safeguarding the contractual provisions as stipulated by law for the
protection of the [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data).

#### other users

you can learn more about how visible you are to other users under
[“information you provide to us”](/privacy-policy/information-you-provide-us-
with).

#### non-users of the social network

you can determine whether you want non-users of the [social
network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network) to be able to find and
access the information in your [profile](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/profile),
e.g. via search engines. separate privacy settings are available to you here.
if you opt not to restrict these settings, the information in your
[profile](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/profile) will be visible and accessible
to non-users of the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-
network), although this does not include any personal contact details such as
e-mail addresses and phone numbers.  
the standard external accessibility of profile information forms a central
element of [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) as a way of fostering
networking between users, as many business contacts are made in the first
instance when other users (or third parties) find the name of a user when
conducting research in search engines.  
with some features on [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) (e.g. with
posts in groups on guest lists) another user determines whether and to what
extent the data used or shared for a particular function is visible or
accessible to other users and non-users, and who is authorised to read this
content and add to this content. if you aren’t able to change these settings
through your own privacy settings we will inform you about the respective use
of your data in the respective feature.

#### people you want to invite to the social network or other xing application

as a user, you can invite other people to join and use [xing](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing). we process the data recorded here solely for this
purpose.  
after a certain period we send out a reminder e-mail ("automatic reminder") on
your behalf to the person you invited. you can prevent this automatic reminder
from being sent by deleting the invitation in your settings. you also have the
option of sending your own reminder e-mails manually. we save the e-mail
addresses that invitations are sent to in encrypted form. this encryption is
temporarily suspended to display the e-mail addresses in your account. you can
delete this data in your account at any time.  
every person you invite has the option to object to invitations being sent to
their e-mail address from that point onwards.  
please note that, depending on the invitation feature used, recipients may be
shown the following information in the invitation you send:

  * your name
  * your company
  * your position
  * your e-mail address
  * your photo
  * your user status

#### selected developers and companies ("api partners")

we provide the xing api to selected developers and companies ("api partners")
so that they can develop and manage applications that grant users of api
partner applications access to data and content beyond [xing](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/xing) while also allowing said users to integrate external
content on [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing). the aim of integrating
external applications is to make [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) more
appealing and useful to users. api stands for application programming
interface, meaning that the xing api is an interface provided by us that
allows api partners to integrate one or more applications on
[xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) provided they adhere to our
contractual terms.  
users wishing to use an api partner application must grant the application
access to data; an api application of an api partner can therefore only ever
access data with the express allowance of the user. depending on the
application in question, a separate declaration of consent for data processing
may be required. when api partners process xing user data, this is performed
on behalf of the user that activated the application.  
every api partner application that accesses the data and content of users
requires our prior consent. xing has therefore compiled a list of criteria in
order to ensure that the data of users is safe and secure.  
if an application involves personal data being processed in countries outside
of the european union, we will stipulate the legal privacy provisions required
in order to ensure that api partners maintain an appropriate level of
protection for [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data).

#### payment service providers, receivables management providers, debt
collection providers

if you use features on [xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing) that you pay
for, we process your payment details such as credit card and bank details for
the purpose of payment processing and invoicing in accordance with the method
of payment you choose. your payment details will be transferred, to the extent
needed, along with other required data for processing the transaction,
including invoicing and debt collection where applicable, to providers such as
credit card institutes, payment providers and debt collection providers, and
processed there, or the data will be collected directly by these providers.  
your payment details are saved to enable payment processing and invoicing for
the automatic extension of your user term.

#### third countries

data may be transferred to [third countries](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/third-countries). this however shall always take place in
compliance with the admissibility requirements as regulated by law.  
in particular, we make certain data available to other users or third parties
worldwide to fulfill our contractual obligations. this does not require either
an adequacy decision pursuant to article 45 of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr) or appropriate safeguards pursuant to article 46 of
the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).  
in cases where the transfer of data to a [third country](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/third-countries) does not serve the fulfilment of our
contractual obligations, we have not received consent from you, the transfer
is not necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims,
and no other exemption clause applies, we shall only transfer your data to a
[third country](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/third-countries) when an adequacy
decision pursuant to article 45 of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr) or appropriate safeguards pursuant to article 46 of
the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr) are in place.  
in general, we provide for appropriate safeguards by closing standard data
protection clauses as decreed by the european commission with the recipient
body pursuant to article 46 of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-
gdpr), as well as an adequate level of data protection.  
you can obtain copies of the eu standard data protection clauses on the
[website of the european commission](http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-
protection/international-transfers/transfer/index_en.htm).

#### other categories of recipients

public authorities and courts

technical service providers

hosting providers

ad server providers

e-mail sending providers

e-mail marketing providers

marketing automation software providers

crm providers

software developers

agencies  

e.g. to carry out prize draws

postal providers (letter shops)

market research and survey tool providers

remarketing/retargeting providers

sales service providers and call centres

service providers for advertising campaigns and the display of ads

providers of tools for website use analysis

cooperation partners

#### climatepartner

if the "co2 compensation" option is selected with the purchase of a ticket,
the attendee will receive a certificate from climatepartner with the
attendee’s name and the name of the event. the attendee’s name and the event’s
title will be sent in this case only to climatepartner. if this option is not
selected, no user data will be sent to climatepartner.

#### event partners

the ticker buyer and attendee data gathered for an event (e.g. during a ticket
purchase or event registration) will be accessible to the respective event
organiser. this is necessary for the performance of a contract (e.g. for
managing the entry at an event). the event host can determine whether certain
participant data are displayed on a publicly accessible attendee list. as an
attendee, you are able to remove your details from the attendee list or to
contact the event organiser and xing events with regard to this matter.

## what rights can you exercise?

you can find detailed information here about your various rights:

  * your right to object
  * your right of access
  * your right to erasure
  * other rights

you have legal rights available to you with regard to data access,
rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and objection to processing,
as well as the right to data portability, amongst others. in addition, you can
withdraw any consent you may have given to data processing at any time, and
have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.

#### right to object

#### general

you have the right to object at any time to the processing of [personal
data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) concerning you, pursuant to
article 6 (1) f) of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr). this
shall also apply to any [profiling](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/profiling)
carried out on the basis of these provisions. please use our [contact
form](https://www.xing.com/app/help?op=start;tab=contact) to submit any
objection.

#### direct marketing / newsletters

if we process your [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data)
for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the
processing of [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data)
concerning you for such marketing. this includes [profiling](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/profiling) to the extent that it is related to such direct
marketing. you can unsubscribe to our [newsletters](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/newsletter) at any time in your notifications settings on
[xing](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/xing), or in your e-mails by clicking on
the link provided at the end of the respective [newsletter](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/newsletter), without incurring any costs other than the
transmission costs in accordance with the basic tariffs. in some applications
there are different ways of unsubscribing to a [newsletter](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/newsletter) or notifications. in the xing referralmanager you
can deactivate the option to receive the [newsletter](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/newsletter) by going to your profile settings in the xing
referralmanager.

#### right of access

you have the right to demand confirmation as to whether we process your
[personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data). if this is the
case you are entitled to receive information about this [personal
data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data).  
  
as a user of the [social network](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/social-network)
you can request this information at
<https://www.xing.com/settings/privacy/data/disclosure>.  
  
as a kununu, kununu engage, xing ticketingmanager or hallofreelancer user you
can also easily access the data we have saved about you there. simply send an
e-mail request or follow the respective link:

  * [data disclosure report from kununu](https://www.kununu.com/user/inquiry)
  * [request data disclosure report from kununu engage by e-mail](mailto:engage@kununu.com)
  * [request data disclosure report from the xing ticketingmanager by e-mail](mailto:support@xing-events.com)
  * [request data disclosure report from hallofreelancer by e-mail](mailto:hallo@hallofreelancer.com)

you also have a right to access the following information:

  * the reasons for the data processing
  * the categories of [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) that are processed
  * if possible the planned period of time that the [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) will be saved for, or if this isn't possible then the criteria used to determination this time period
  * the existence of a right to rectification or erasure of your [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) and/or the right to restriction of processing by the controller, or a right to object to this processing
  * the existence of a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
  * all available information about the origin of the [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) if the data was not obtained from the person in question
  * the existence of automated decision-making including [profiling](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/profiling) pursuant to article 22 (1) and (4) of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr) and – at least in some cases – insightful information about the logic involved plus the scope and aims of the repercussions of this kind of processing for the person affected

if [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) is passed on to
a [third country](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/third-countries) or an
international organisation, you have the right as the person affected to be
informed about the respective guarantees (pursuant to article 46 of the eu
gdpr) regarding this sharing of data.

#### right to rectification

you have the right to demand that we correct any incorrect [personal
data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) concerning you with immediate
effect. taking the purposes of processing into account, you have the right to
demand the completion of any incomplete [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) – including by means of a supplementary
explanation.

#### right to erasure

you are entitled to demand that we delete your [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) without delay if one of the following applies:
the [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) is no longer
required for the purposes for which it was collected or processed in some
other way. you withdraw your consent that the processing was based on pursuant
to article 6 (1) a) or article 9 (2) a) of the [eu gdpr ](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr), and there are now no valid legal grounds for
processing. you submit an objection to the processing of your data pursuant to
article 21 (1) of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr) and there
are no overriding justifiable grounds for the processing, or you submit an
objection to the processing of your data pursuant to article 21 (2) of the [eu
gdpr ](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr). the [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) was processed unlawfully. the deletion of the
[personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) is required to
fulfil a legal obligation in accordance with eu law or the law of individual
member states. the [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data)
was recorded in relation to the offer of information society services directly
to a child, pursuant to article 8 (1) of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr). once you have made your request we are obliged to
delete the data with immediate effect. the lawfulness of the data processing
for the period between the consent and the withdrawal of this consent shall
remain unaffected.

#### right to restriction of processing

you are entitled to demand a restriction to the processing of your [personal
data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) in cases where you dispute
the correctness of the [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-
data), for a period of time that allows the controller to review the
correctness of that [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-
data). if the processing is unlawful and you reject the erasure of the
[personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) in favour of
demanding a restriction to the use of the [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) we will fulfil this request. processing will
also be restricted if we no longer require your [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) for the purposes of processing but do require
it for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. or if you have
objected to processing pursuant to article 21 (1) of the [eu
gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr), for as long as is not yet
ascertained whether the justifiable grounds of the controller outweigh your
grounds. we will inform you in advance should the restriction be revoked.

#### right to data portability

you have the right to receive [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) concerning you that you have made available to
us in a structured, conventional and machine-readable format, and you also
have the right to transfer this data to another controller without being
impeded by us to whom the [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) has been made available. the condition is that
a) processing is based on consent pursuant to article 6 (1) a) of the [eu
gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr) or article 9 (2) a) of the [eu
gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr) or on a contract pursuant to
article 6 (1) b) of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/eu-gdpr), and b)
the processing is conducted with the help of automated processes. when
exercising your right to data portability you have the right to demand that
the [personal data](/en/privacy-policy/glossary/personal-data) is transferred
directly from us to another controlling body, provided this is technically
viable.

#### right to withdraw consent

if processing is subject to your consent you have the right to withdraw this
consent at any time. this shall not affect the lawfulness of any processing
that took place with your consent up until its withdrawal.

#### right to lodge a complaint

the supervisory authority responsible for our company is: freie und hansestadt
hamburg the hamburg commissioner for data protection and freedom of
information, prof. dr. johannes caspar, 7th floor, ludwig-erhard-str. 22,
20459 hamburg, germany tel.: +49 40 / 428 54 – 4040, fax: +49 40 / 428 54 –
4000, further details are available by visiting <https://datenschutz-
hamburg.de> (in german)  
  
if you feel that the processing of your [personal data](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/personal-data) infringes upon the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr), you have the right to lodge a complaint with the
supervisory authority in your regular place of residence, your place of work,
or alleged place of infringement. further information about the complaints
procedure is available in article 77 of the [eu gdpr](/en/privacy-
policy/glossary/eu-gdpr).

## terms used in our privacy policy

**xing:** the service xing and the applications belonging to the service xing.  
  
 **xing websites:** all websites, subdomains, aliases, mobile applications,
background applications, web services and embedding in third-party websites
where the service xing is available.  
  
 **eu gdpr:** the regulation (eu) 2016/679 of the european parliament and the
council dated 27 april 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to
the processing of personal data, on the free movement of such data, and on the
repeal of the eu data protection directive 95/46/ec.  
  
 **personal data:** pursuant to article 4 (1) of the eu general data
protection regulation (gdpr), any information relating to an identified or
identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be
identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an
identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online
identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological,
genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.  
  
 **social network:** the contact and communication forums belonging to the
applications of the service xing.  
  
 **profile:** the page on the xing websites where the personal data made
available by the user is displayed in the social network.  
  
 **cookies:** small files that enable us to store specific information related
to you, the user, on your end device. you can edit the settings of your
browser to prevent cookies from being saved.  
  
 **pixel:** an image file or link to an image file that is added to the
website code but not sent to your end device (e.g. pc, smartphone, etc.).
pixels are usually used in conjunction with cookies.  
  
 **profiling:** pursuant to article 4 (4) of the eu general data protection
regulation (gdpr), any form of automated processing of personal data
consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects
relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects
concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation,
health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or
movements.  
  
 **newsletter:** newsletters or status e-mails and advertising for xing’s own
similar products and services, or surveys for the purpose of xing’s own market
research.  
  
 **third country:** a country outside of the european union.  
  

[back to top](javascript:void\(0\))

[](javascript:void\(0\))

  * [](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [](javascript:void\(0\))
  * [](javascript:void\(0\))

[](javascript:void\(0\))

[](javascript:void\(0\))

**cookies:**

small files that enable us to store specific information related to you, the
user, on your end device. you can edit the settings of your browser to prevent
cookies from being saved.

**third country:**

a country outside of the european union.

**eu gdpr:**

the regulation (eu) 2016/679 of the european parliament and the council dated
27 april 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing
of personal data, on the free movement of such data, and on the repeal of the
eu data protection directive 95/46/ec.

**newsletter:**

newsletters or status e-mails and advertising for xing’s own similar products
and services, or surveys for the purpose of xing’s own market research.

**personal data:**

pursuant to article 4 (1) of the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr),
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an
identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or
indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an
identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more
factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic,
cultural or social identity of that natural person.

**pixel:**

pixel: an image file or link to an image file that is added to the website
code but not sent to your end device (e.g. pc, smartphone). pixels are usually
used in conjunction with cookies.

**profile:**

the page on the xing websites where the personal data made available by the
user is displayed in the social network.

**profiling:**

pursuant to article 4 (4) of the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr),
any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of
personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural
person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural
person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal
preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or move-ments.

**social network:**

the contact and communication forums belonging to the applications of the
service xing.

**xing:**

the service xing and the applications belonging to the service xing.

**xing websites:**

all websites, subdomains, aliases, mobile applications, background
applications, web services and embedding in third-party websites where the
service xing is available.

  * [ **about this site** ](https://www.xing.com/imprint)
  * [ **terms & conditions** ](https://www.xing.com/terms)
  * **language:** [ **english** ](/en) [ **deutsch** ](/de)

**(c) new work se | all rights reserved**

