[![youtube](https://www.youtube.com/img/desktop/supported_browsers/yt_logo_rgb_light.png)](/
"youtube home")

  *  **terms of service**
  * [paid service terms of service](/t/terms_paidservice)
  * [paid service usage rules](/t/usage_paycontent)
  * [collecting society notices](/t/policy_cns)
  * [copyright notices](/t/copyright_notice)
  * [community guidelines](/t/community_guidelines)

# terms of service

# **what’s in these terms?**

this index is designed to help you understand some of the key updates we’ve
made to our terms of service (terms). we hope this serves as a useful guide,
but please ensure you read the terms in full.

## **welcome to youtube!**

this section outlines our relationship with you. it includes a description of
the service, defines our agreement, and names your service provider.

## **who may use the service?**

this section sets out certain requirements for use of the service, and defines
categories of users.

## **your use of the service**

this section explains your rights to use the service, and the conditions that
apply to your use of the service. it also explains how we may make changes to
the service.

## **your content and conduct**

this section applies to users who provide content to the service. it defines
the scope of the permissions that you grant by uploading your content, and
includes your agreement not to upload anything that infringes on anyone else’s
rights.

## **account suspension and termination**

this section explains how you and youtube may terminate this relationship.

## **about software in the service**

this section includes details about software on the service.

## **other legal terms**

this section includes our service commitment to you. it also explains that
there are some things we will not be responsible for.

## **about this agreement**

this section includes some further important details about our contract,
including what to expect if we need to make changes to these terms; or which
law applies to them.

# **terms of service**

dated: november 18, 2020

#  **welcome to youtube!**

 **introduction  
** thank you for using the youtube platform and the products, services and
features we make available to you as part of the platform (collectively, the
“service”).

**our service**

the service allows you to discover, watch and share videos and other content,
provides a forum for people to connect, inform, and inspire others across the
globe, and acts as a distribution platform for original content creators and
advertisers large and small. we provide lots of information about our products
and how to use them in our [help center](https://support.google.com/youtube/).
among other things, you can find out about [youtube
kids](https://support.google.com/youtubekids/), the [youtube partner
program](https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/9223152) and [youtube paid
memberships and purchases](https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/9223117)
(where available).you can also read all about enjoying content on [other
devices](https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/9257096?ref_topic=9257500)[
like your television, your games console,
or](https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/9257096?ref_topic=9257500)
[google home](https://support.google.com/googlehome/answer/7029380).  

**your service provider**

the entity providing the service is google llc, a company operating under the
laws of delaware, located at 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca
94043 (referred to as “ **youtube** ”, “ **we** ”, “ **us** ”, or “ **our**
”). references to youtube’s “affiliates” in these terms means the other
companies within the alphabet inc. corporate group (now or in the future).

**applicable terms**  
your use of the service is subject to these terms, the [youtube community
guidelines](https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines) and the [policy,
safety and copyright
policies](https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/9223153) which may be
updated from time to time (together, this "agreement"). your agreement with us
will also include the [advertising on youtube
policies](https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/30084?ref_topic=2972865) if
you provide advertising or sponsorships to the service or incorporate paid
promotions in your content. any other links or references provided in these
terms are for informational use only and are not part of the agreement.

please read this agreement carefully and make sure you understand it. if you
do not understand the agreement, or do not accept any part of it, then you may
not use the service.

# **who may use the service?**

**age requirements**  
you must be at least 13 years old to use the service. however, children of all
ages may use youtube kids (where available) if enabled by a parent or legal
guardian.

**permission by parent or guardian**

if you are under 18, you represent that you have your parent or guardian’s
permission to use the service. please have them read this agreement with you.

if you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18, by
allowing your child to use the service, you are subject to the terms of this
agreement and responsible for your child’s activity on the service. you can
find tools and resources to help you manage your family’s experience on
youtube in our [help
center](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802272)[ and
through](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802272) google’s [family
link](https://families.google.com/familylink/).

**businesses**  
if you are using the service on behalf of a company or organisation, you
represent that you have authority to act on behalf of that entity, and that
such entity accepts this agreement.

# **your use of the service**

**content on the service**  
the content on the service includes videos, audio (for example music and other
sounds), graphics, photos, text (such as comments and scripts), branding
(including trade names, trademarks, service marks, or logos), interactive
features, software, metrics, and other materials whether provided by you,
youtube or a third-party (collectively, "content”).

content is the responsibility of the person or entity that provides it to the
service. youtube is under no obligation to host or serve content. if you see
any content you believe does not comply with this agreement, including by
violating the [community
guidelines](https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines) or the law, you
can [report it to us](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2802027).

**google accounts and youtube channels**  
you can use parts of the service, such as browsing and searching for content,
without having a [google
account](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/69961). however, you do
need a google account to use some features. with a google account, you may be
able to like videos, subscribe to channels, create your own youtube channel,
and more. you can follow these instructions to [create a google
account](https://accounts.google.com/signup/v2/webcreateaccount?flowname=glifwebsignin&flowentry=signup).

creating a youtube channel will give you access to additional features and
functions, such as uploading videos, making comments or creating playlists
(where available). here are some details about how to [create your own youtube
channel](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/1646861).

to protect your google account, keep your password confidential. you should
not reuse your google account password on third-party applications. learn more
about [keeping your google account
secure](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/46526), including what to
do if you learn of any unauthorized use of your password or google account.

**your information**  
our [privacy policy](https://www.youtube.com/t/privacy) explains how we treat
your personal data and protect your privacy when you use the service. the
[youtube kids privacy notice](https://kids.youtube.com/t/privacynotice)
provides additional information about our privacy practices that are specific
to youtube kids.

we will process any audio or audiovisual content uploaded by you to the
service in accordance with the [youtube data processing
terms](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms_dataprocessing), except in cases where
you uploaded such content for personal purposes or household activities.
[learn more](https://support.google.com/youtube/?p=data_applicability).

**permissions and restrictions  
** you may access and use the service as made available to you, as long as you
comply with this agreement and applicable law. you may view or listen to
content for your personal, non-commercial use. you may also show youtube
videos through the embeddable youtube player.

the following restrictions apply to your use of the service. you are not
allowed to:

  1. access, reproduce, download, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, alter, modify or otherwise use any part of the service or any content except: (a) as expressly authorized by the service; or (b) with prior written permission from youtube and, if applicable, the respective rights holders;
  2. circumvent, disable, fraudulently engage with, or otherwise interfere with any part of the service (or attempt to do any of these things), including security-related features or features that (a) prevent or restrict the copying or other use of content or (b) limit the use of the service or content;
  3. access the service using any automated means (such as robots, botnets or scrapers) except (a) in the case of public search engines, in accordance with youtube’s robots.txt file; or (b) with youtube’s prior written permission; 
  4. collect or harvest any information that might identify a person (for example, usernames or faces), unless permitted by that person or allowed under section (3) above;
  5. use the service to distribute unsolicited promotional or commercial content or other unwanted or mass solicitations;
  6. cause or encourage any inaccurate measurements of genuine user engagement with the service, including by paying people or providing them with incentives to increase a video’s views, likes, or dislikes, or to increase a channel’s subscribers, or otherwise manipulate metrics in any manner;
  7. misuse any reporting, flagging, complaint, dispute, or appeals process, including by making groundless, vexatious, or frivolous submissions;
  8. run contests on or through the service that do not comply with [youtube’s contest policies and guidelines](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/1620498);
  9. use the service to view or listen to content other than for personal, non-commercial use (for example, you may not publicly screen videos or stream music from the service); or
  10. use the service to (a) sell any advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on, around, or within the service or content, other than those allowed in the [advertising on youtube](https://support.google.com/youtube/topic/9257894?ref_topic=2972865) policies (such as compliant product placements); or (b) sell advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of any website or application that only contains content from the service or where content from the service is the primary basis for such sales (for example, selling ads on a webpage where youtube videos are the main draw for users visiting the webpage).

**reservation**

using the service does not give you ownership of or rights to any aspect of
the service, including user names or any other content posted by others or
youtube.

**changes to the service**

youtube is constantly changing and improving the service. we may also need to
alter or discontinue the service, or any part of it, in order to make
performance or security improvements, change functionality and features, make
changes to comply with law, or prevent illegal activities on or abuse of our
systems. these changes may affect all users, some users or even an individual
user. whenever reasonably possible, we will provide notice when we discontinue
or make material changes to our service that will have an adverse impact on
the use of our service. however, you understand and agree that there will be
times when we make such changes without notice, such as where we feel we need
to take action to improve the security and operability of our service, prevent
abuse, or comply with legal requirements.

# **your content and conduct**

**uploading content**

if you have a youtube channel, you may be able to upload content to the
service. you may use your content to promote your business or artistic
enterprise. if you choose to upload content, you must not submit to the
service any content that does not comply with this agreement (including the
[youtube community
guidelines](https://www.youtube.com/t/community_guidelines)) or the law. for
example, the content you submit must not include third-party intellectual
property (such as copyrighted material) unless you have permission from that
party or are otherwise legally entitled to do so. you are legally responsible
for the content you submit to the service. we may use automated systems that
analyze your content to help detect infringement and abuse, such as spam,
malware, and illegal content.

**rights you grant**

you retain ownership rights in your content. however, we do require you to
grant certain rights to youtube and other users of the service, as described
below.

**license to youtube**

by providing content to the service, you grant to youtube a worldwide, non-
exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license to use that
content (including to reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works, display
and perform it) in connection with the service and youtube’s (and its
successors' and affiliates') business, including for the purpose of promoting
and redistributing part or all of the service.

**license to other users**

you also grant each other user of the service a worldwide, non-exclusive,
royalty-free license to access your content through the service, and to use
that content, including to reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works,
display, and perform it, only as enabled by a feature of the service (such as
video playback or embeds). for clarity, this license does not grant any rights
or permissions for a user to make use of your content independent of the
service.

**duration of license**

the licenses granted by you continue for a commercially reasonable period of
time after you remove or delete your content from the service. you understand
and agree, however, that youtube may retain, but not display, distribute, or
perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted.

**right to monetize**

you grant to youtube the right to monetize your content on the service (and
such monetization may include displaying ads on or within content or charging
users a fee for access). this agreement does not entitle you to any payments.
starting november 18, 2020, any payments you may be entitled to receive from
youtube under any other agreement between you and youtube (including for
example payments under the youtube partner program, channel memberships or
super chat) will be treated as royalties. if required by law, google will
withhold taxes from such payments.

**remov** **ing your content**

you may [remove your content](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/55770)
from the service at any time. you also have the option to [make a copy of your
content](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/56100) before removing it.
you must remove your content if you no longer have the rights required by
these terms.

**removal of content by youtube**

if we reasonably believe that any content is in breach of this agreement or
may cause harm to youtube, our users, or third parties, we may remove or take
down that content in our discretion. we will notify you with the reason for
our action unless we reasonably believe that to do so: (a) would breach the
law or the direction of a legal enforcement authority or would otherwise risk
legal liability for youtube or our affiliates; (b) would compromise an
investigation or the integrity or operation of the service; or (c) would cause
harm to any user, other third party, youtube or our affiliates. you can learn
more about reporting and enforcement, including how to appeal on the
[troubleshooting](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/6395024) page of
our help center.

**copyright protection**

we provide information to help copyright holders manage their intellectual
property online in our [youtube copyright
center](https://www.youtube.com/t/copyright_center). if you believe your
copyright has been infringed on the service, please [send us a
notice](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2807622).

we respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement according to the
process in our [youtube copyright
center](https://www.youtube.com/t/copyright_center), where you can also find
information about how to resolve a copyright strike. youtube's policies
provide for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of repeat
infringers’ access to the service.

# **account suspension & termination**

**terminations by you**  
you may stop using the service at any time. follow these
[instructions](https://myaccount.google.com/delete-services-or-account) to
delete the service from your google account, which involves closing your
youtube channel and removing your data. you also have the option to download a
copy of your data first.

**terminations and suspensions by youtube for cause**

youtube may suspend or terminate your access, your google account, or your
google account’s access to all or part of the service if (a) you materially or
repeatedly breach this agreement; (b) we are required to do so to comply with
a legal requirement or a court order; or (c) we believe there has been conduct
that creates (or could create) liability or harm to any user, other third
party, youtube or our affiliates.  

**terminations by youtube for service changes**

youtube may terminate your access, or your google account’s access to all or
part of the service if youtube believes, in its sole discretion, that
provision of the service to you is no longer commercially viable.

**notice for termination or suspension**

we will notify you with the reason for termination or suspension by youtube
unless we reasonably believe that to do so: (a) would violate the law or the
direction of a legal enforcement authority, or would otherwise risk legal
liability for youtube or our affiliates; (b) would compromise an investigation
or the integrity or operation of the service; or (c) would cause harm to any
user, other third party, youtube or our affiliates. where youtube is
terminating your access for service changes, where reasonably possible, you
will be provided with sufficient time to export your content from the service.

**effect of account suspension or termination**

if your google account is terminated or your google account’s access to the
service is restricted, you may continue using certain aspects of the service
(such as viewing only) without an account, and this agreement will continue to
apply to such use. if you believe your google account has been terminated in
error, you can [appeal using this
form](https://support.google.com/accounts/contact/suspended?p=youtube).

# **about software in the service**

**downloadable software  
** when the service requires or includes downloadable software (such as the
youtube studio application), you give permission for that software to update
automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available,
subject to your device settings. unless that software is governed by
additional terms which provide a license, youtube gives you a personal,
worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the
software provided to you by youtube as part of the service. this license is
for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the
service as provided by youtube, in the manner permitted by this agreement. you
are not allowed to copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of the
software, or to reverse-engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that
software, unless laws prohibit these restrictions or you have youtube’s
written permission.

**open source  
** some software used in our service may be offered under an open source
license that we make available to you. there may be provisions in an open
source license that expressly override some of these terms, so please be sure
to read those licenses.

# **other legal terms**

**warranty disclaimer**  
other than as expressly stated in this agreement or as required by law, the
service is provided “as is” and youtube does not make any specific commitments
or warranties about the service. for example, we don’t make any warranties
about: (a) the content provided through the service; (b) the specific features
of the service, or its accuracy, reliability, availability, or ability to meet
your needs; or (c) that any content you submit will be accessible on the
service.

**limitation of liability**

except as required by applicable law, youtube, its affiliates, officers,
directors, employees and agents will not be responsible for any loss of
profits, revenues, business opportunities, goodwill, or anticipated savings;
loss or corruption of data; indirect or consequential loss; punitive damages
caused by:

  1. errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies on the service;
  2. personal injury or property damage resulting from your use of the service;
  3. any unauthorized access to or use of the service;
  4. any interruption or cessation of the service;
  5. any viruses or malicious code transmitted to or through the service by any third party;
  6. any content whether submitted by a user or youtube, including your use of content; and/or
  7. the removal or unavailability of any content.

this provision applies to any claim, regardless of whether the claim asserted
is based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory.

youtube and its affiliates’ total liability for any claims arising from or
relating to the service is limited to the greater of: (a) the amount of
revenue that youtube has paid to you from your use of the service in the 12
months before the date of your notice, in writing to youtube, of the claim;
and (b) usd $500.

**indemnity**

to the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and
hold harmless youtube, its affiliates, officers, directors, employees and
agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses,
liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to
attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the service; (ii)
your violation of any term of this agreement; (iii) your violation of any
third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or
privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your content caused damage to a third
party. this defense and indemnification obligation will survive this agreement
and your use of the service.

**third-party links  
** the service may contain links to third-party websites and online services
that are not owned or controlled by youtube. youtube has no control over, and
assumes no responsibility for, such websites and online services. be aware
when you leave the service; we suggest you read the terms and privacy policy
of each third-party website and online service that you visit.

# **about this agreement**

**modifying this agreement**  
we may modify this agreement, for example, to reflect changes to our service
or for legal, regulatory, or security reasons. youtube will provide reasonable
advance notice of any material modifications to this agreement and the
opportunity to review them, except that modifications addressing newly
available features of the service or modifications made for legal reasons may
be effective immediately without notice. modifications to this agreement will
only apply going forward. if you do not agree to the modified terms, you
should remove any content you have uploaded and discontinue your use of the
service.

**continuation of this agreement  
** if your use of the service ends, the following terms of this agreement will
continue to apply to you: “other legal terms”, “about this agreement”, and the
licenses granted by you will continue as described under “duration of
license”.

**severance**  
if it turns out that a particular term of this agreement is not enforceable
for any reason, this will not affect any other terms.

**no** **waiver  
** if you fail to comply with this agreement and we do not take immediate
action, this does not mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have
(such as the right to take action in the future).

**interpretation**

in these terms, “include” or “including” means “including but not limited to,”
and any examples we give are for illustrative purposes.

**governing law  
** all claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the service will be
governed by california law, except california’s conflict of laws rules, and
will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of santa clara
county, california, usa. you and youtube consent to personal jurisdiction in
those courts.

**limitation on legal action**

you and youtube agree that any cause of action arising out of or related to
the services must commence within one (1) year after the cause of action
accrues. otherwise, such cause of action is permanently barred.

#### effective as of november 18, 2020 ([view previous
version](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms?archive=20191210))

