[privacy & terms](/ "privacy & terms")

[](https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/products)

[sign
in](https://accounts.google.com/servicelogin?passive=1209600&continue=https://policies.google.com/privacy&followup=https://policies.google.com/privacy&ec=gazaoqq)

  * [overview]()
  * [privacy policy](privacy)
  * [terms of service](terms)
  * [technologies](technologies)
  * [faq](faq)

#
[![google](https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_74x24dp.png)](https://www.google.com/)

# privacy & terms

  * [overview]()
  * [privacy policy](privacy)
    * [data transfer frameworks](privacy/frameworks)
    * [key terms](privacy/key-terms)
    * [partners](privacy/google-partners)
    * [updates](privacy/archive)
  * [terms of service](terms)
  * [technologies](technologies)
  * [faq](faq)

[privacy & terms](/ "privacy & terms")

#
[![google](https://www.google.com/images/branding/googlelogo/1x/googlelogo_color_74x24dp.png)](https://www.google.com/)

## [privacy & terms]()

  * [overview]()
  * [privacy policy](privacy)
  * [terms of service](terms)
  * [technologies](technologies)
  * [faq](faq)
  * [google account](https://myaccount.google.com/)

  * privacy policy
    * [introduction](privacy#intro)
    * [information google collects](privacy#infocollect)
    * [why google collects data](privacy#whycollect)
    * [your privacy controls](privacy#infochoices)
    * [sharing your information](privacy#infosharing)
    * [keeping your information secure](privacy#infosecurity)
    * [exporting & deleting your information](privacy#infodelete)
    * [retaining your information](privacy#inforetaining)
    * [compliance & cooperation with regulators](privacy#enforcement)
    * [about this policy](privacy#about)
    * [related privacy practices](privacy#products)
  * [data transfer frameworks](privacy/frameworks)
  * [key terms](privacy/key-terms)
  * [partners](privacy/google-partners)
  * [updates](privacy/archive)

![](https://www.gstatic.com/identity/boq/policies/privacy/privacy_illustration.svg)

# google privacy policy

when you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. we
understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your
information and put you in control.

this privacy policy is meant to help you understand what information we
collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete
your information.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/identity/boq/policies/privacy/privacy_checkup_icon.svg)

privacy checkup

looking to change your privacy settings?

[take the privacy
checkup](https://myaccount.google.com/privacycheckup?utm_source=pp&utm_medium=promo-
in-product&utm_campaign=pp_intro)

effective february 4, 2021 | [archived versions](privacy/archive) | [download
pdf](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/pdf/20210204/3jla0xz1/google_privacy_policy_en_us.pdf)

## contents

[introduction](privacy#intro)

[information google collects](privacy#infocollect)

[why google collects data](privacy#whycollect)

[your privacy controls](privacy#infochoices)

[sharing your information](privacy#infosharing)

[keeping your information secure](privacy#infosecurity)

[exporting & deleting your information](privacy#infodelete)

[retaining your information](privacy#inforetaining)

[compliance & cooperation with regulators](privacy#enforcement)

[about this policy](privacy#about)

[related privacy practices](privacy#products)

we build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and
interact with the world in new ways. our services include:

  * google apps, sites, and devices, like search, youtube, and google home
  * platforms like the chrome browser and android operating system
  * products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads and embedded google maps

you can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. for
example, you can sign up for a google account if you want to create and manage
content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. and you
can use many google services when you’re signed out or without creating an
account at all, like searching on google or watching youtube videos. you can
also choose to browse the web privately using chrome in incognito mode. and
across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we
collect and how your information is used.

to help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples,
explanatory videos, and definitions for [key terms](privacy/key-terms#key-
terms). and if you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can
[contact us](https://support.google.com/policies?p=privpol_privts).

# information google collects

we want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our
services

we collect information to provide better services to all our users — from
figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things
like which [ads you’ll find most useful](privacy#footnote-useful-ads), [the
people who matter most to you online](privacy#footnote-people-online), or
which youtube videos you might like. the information google collects, and how
that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you
manage your privacy controls.

when you’re not signed in to a google account, we store the information we
collect with [unique identifiers](privacy#footnote-unique-id) tied to the
browser, application, or [device](privacy#footnote-device) you’re using. this
helps us do things like maintain your language preferences across browsing
sessions.

when you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your
google account, which we treat as [personal information](privacy#footnote-
personal-info).

## things you create or provide to us

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/d1b68e2cd423aba52d74f02573df2d2d.svg)

when you create a google account, you provide us with [personal
information](privacy#footnote-personal-info) that includes your name and a
password. you can also choose to add a [phone number](privacy#footnote-phone-
number) or [payment information](privacy#footnote-payment-info) to your
account. even if you aren’t signed in to a google account, you might choose to
provide us with information — like an email address to receive updates about
our services.

we also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when
using our services. this includes things like email you write and receive,
photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you
make on youtube videos.

## information we collect as you use our services

### your apps, browsers & devices

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/e79ea0ed464fc8952d5b5582f9f9ae53.svg)

we collect information about the apps, browsers, and
[devices](privacy#footnote-devices) you use to access google services, which
helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your
screen if your battery runs low.

the information we collect includes [unique identifiers](privacy#footnote-
unique-id), browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating
system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number,
and application version number. we also collect information about the
interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
[ip address](privacy#footnote-ip), crash reports, system activity, and the
date, time, and [referrer url](privacy#footnote-referrer-url) of your request.

we collect this information when a google service on your device contacts our
servers — for example, when you install an app from the play store or when a
service checks for automatic updates. if you’re using an [android device with
google apps](privacy#footnote-android-device), your device periodically
contacts google servers to provide information about your device and
connection to our services. this information includes things like your device
type, carrier name, crash reports, and which apps you've installed.

### your activity

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/39b031d352a2e1586cf50ac7f2bbc18b.svg)

we collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do
things like recommend a youtube video you might like. the activity information
we collect may include:

  * terms you search for
  * videos you watch
  * [views and interactions with content and ads](privacy#footnote-content-views)
  * voice and audio information when you use audio features
  * purchase activity
  * people with whom you communicate or share content
  * activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
  * chrome browsing history you’ve [synced with your google account](privacy#footnote-chrome-sync)

if you use our [services to make and receive calls or send and receive
messages](privacy#footnote-calls-messages), we may collect call and message
log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party
number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date
of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and
volumes of calls and messages.

you can visit your google account to find and manage activity information
that’s saved in your account.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/0d6da8d8c44e7e3ee95c4d56c19f04e1.svg)

[go to google account](https://myaccount.google.com/?utm_source=pp)

### your location information

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/4c5ee41d52605ff6f43538d46a1c0d35.svg)

we collect information about your location when you use our services, which
helps us offer features like driving directions for your weekend getaway or
showtimes for movies playing near you.

your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by:

  * gps
  * [ip address](privacy#footnote-ip)
  * [sensor data from your device](privacy#footnote-sensor-data)
  * [information about things near your device](privacy#footnote-near-device), such as wi-fi access points, cell towers, and bluetooth-enabled devices

the types of location data we collect depend in part on your device and
account settings. for example, you can [turn your android device’s location on
or off](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_location) using the
device’s settings app. you can also turn on [location
history](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_lochistory) if you want
to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices.

* * *

in some circumstances, google also collects information about you from
[publicly accessible sources](privacy#footnote-sources). for example, if your
name appears in your local newspaper, google’s search engine may index that
article and display it to other people if they search for your name. we may
also collect information about you from trusted partners, including marketing
partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our
business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
[protect against abuse](privacy#footnote-against-abuse). we also receive
information from advertisers to provide [advertising and research services on
their behalf](privacy#footnote-ad-services).

we use various technologies to collect and store information, including
[cookies](privacy#footnote-cookies), [pixel tags](privacy#footnote-pixel),
local storage, such as [browser web storage](privacy#footnote-browser-storage)
or [application data caches](privacy#footnote-application-data-cache),
databases, and [server logs](privacy#footnote-server-logs).

# why google collects data

we use data to build better services

we use the information we collect from all our services for the following
purposes:

### provide our services

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/b18d13e9ea8a362642b7d25bce665039.svg)

we use your information to [deliver our services](privacy#footnote-deliver-
services), like processing the terms you search for in order to return results
or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.

### maintain & improve our services

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/4165cd3aa643abb80fe1953668f67551.svg)

we also use your information to [ensure our services are working as
intended](privacy#footnote-ensure-working), such as tracking outages or
troubleshooting issues that you report to us. and we use your information to
[make improvements](privacy#footnote-make-improvements) to our services — for
example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps
us improve spell-check features used across our services.

### develop new services

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/546f2b674b407304a2570e71a216e509.svg)

we use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new
ones. for example, understanding how people organized their photos in picasa,
google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch google photos.

### provide personalized services, including content and ads

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/51cd09d6239edc9652bc05ad1d149a5c.svg)

we use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including
providing recommendations, personalized content, and [customized search
results](privacy#footnote-customized-search). for example, [security
checkup](https://myaccount.google.com/security-checkup?utm_source=pp) provides
security tips adapted to how you use google products. and google play uses
information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on
youtube to suggest new apps you might like.

depending on your settings, we may also show you [personalized
ads](privacy#footnote-personalized-ads) based on your interests. for example,
if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see an ad for sports equipment
when you’re browsing a site that shows ads served by google. you can control
what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings.

  * we don’t show you personalized ads based on [sensitive categories](privacy#footnote-sensitive-categories), such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
  * we don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. for example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/900a793eae04f4bddd675f8d95c4a794.svg)

[go to ad settings](https://adssettings.google.com/?utm_source=pp)

### measure performance

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/a8e78fa7fa279aa946fe1a9d6a0508f2.svg)

we use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are
used. for example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things
like optimize product design. and we also use data about the ads you interact
with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. we
use a variety of tools to do this, including google analytics. when you visit
sites that use google analytics, a google analytics customer may choose to
enable google to [link information](privacy#footnote-link-info) about your
activity from that site with activity from other sites that use our ad
services.

### communicate with you

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/acad335ad7ba163209d8c3e671b2c445.svg)

we use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you
directly. for example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious
activity, like an attempt to sign in to your google account from an unusual
location. or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our
services. and if you contact google, we’ll keep a record of your request in
order to help solve any issues you might be facing.

### protect google, our users, and the public

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/02f8664b95445de6f27ba682f3c5f9ab.svg)

we use information to help improve the [safety and
reliability](privacy#footnote-safety-reliability) of our services. this
includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security
risks, and technical issues that could harm google, our users, or the public.

* * *

we use different technologies to process your information for these purposes.
we use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things
like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored
to how you use our services. and we analyze your content to help us [detect
abuse](privacy#footnote-detect-abuse) such as spam, malware, and illegal
content. we also use [algorithms](privacy#footnote-algorithm) to recognize
patterns in data. for example, google translate helps people communicate
across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it
to translate.

we may [combine the information we collect](privacy#footnote-combine-info)
among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above.
for example, if you watch videos of guitar players on youtube, you might see
an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. depending on
your account settings, [your activity on other sites and
apps](privacy#footnote-other-sites) may be associated with your personal
information in order to improve google’s services and the ads delivered by
google.

if other users already have your email address or other information that
identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible google account
information, such as your name and photo. this helps people identify an email
coming from you, for example.

we’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that
isn’t covered in this privacy policy.

# your privacy controls

you have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used

this section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our
services. you can also visit the [privacy
checkup](https://myaccount.google.com/privacycheckup?utm_source=pp&utm_medium=promo-
in-product&utm_campaign=pp_body), which provides an opportunity to review and
adjust important privacy settings. in addition to these tools, we also offer
specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our [product
privacy guide](technologies/product-privacy).

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/2951277d4c35389d7d304ed78d4fb6f6.svg)

[go to privacy
checkup](https://myaccount.google.com/privacycheckup?utm_source=pp&utm_medium=promo-
in-product&utm_campaign=pp_body)

## managing, reviewing, and updating your information

when you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by
visiting the services you use. for example, photos and drive are both designed
to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with google.

we also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your
google account. your [google account](https://myaccount.google.com/) includes:

### privacy controls

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/3394102be0315326fd760e503b31c7b6.svg)

### activity controls

decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. for example,
you can turn on location history if you want traffic predictions for your
daily commute, or you can save your youtube watch history to get better video
suggestions.

[go to activity
controls](https://myaccount.google.com/activitycontrols?utm_source=pp)

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/900a793eae04f4bddd675f8d95c4a794.svg)

### ad settings

manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on google and on sites and
apps that [partner with google](privacy#footnote-partner) to show ads. you can
modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to
make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising
services.

[go to ad settings](https://adssettings.google.com/?utm_source=pp)

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/c1b97d74dace7e43a9ccb26841a7cae4.svg)

### about you

control what others see about you across google services.

[go to about you](https://myaccount.google.com/profile?utm_source=pp)

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/e28714c71f217892f72b2698ea5cefef.svg)

### shared endorsements

choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews
and recommendations, that appear in ads.

[go to shared endorsements](https://myaccount.google.com/shared-
endorsements?utm_source=pp)

### ways to review & update your information

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/5e7cd445f8861a262a3da876f855a4cc.svg)

### my activity

my activity allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use
google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to google play. you
can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.

[go to my activity](https://myactivity.google.com/myactivity?utm_source=pp)

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/02698a3383765bd3c250471c53a86c5a.svg)

### google dashboard

google dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific
products.

[go to dashboard](https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard?utm_source=pp)

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/4f19891c43001db11efc8048f9bc7cdb.svg)

### your personal information

manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.

[go to personal info](https://myaccount.google.com/personal-
info?utm_source=pp)

when you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your
browser or device, including:

  * signed-out search personalization: [choose](https://www.google.com/history/optout?utm_source=pp) whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
  * youtube settings: pause and delete your [youtube search history](https://www.youtube.com/feed/history/search_history?utm_source=pp) and your [youtube watch history](https://www.youtube.com/feed/history?utm_source=pp).
  * ad settings: [manage](https://adssettings.google.com/?utm_source=pp) your preferences about the ads shown to you on google and on sites and apps that partner with google to show ads.

## exporting, removing & deleting your information

you can export a copy of content in your google account if you want to back it
up or use it with a service outside of google.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/5959e84c2197c8a27da0a717f1cd47d5.svg)

[export your data](https://takeout.google.com/?utm_source=pp)

you can also [request to remove
content](https://support.google.com/legal?p=privpol_remove) from specific
google services based on applicable law.

to delete your information, you can:

  * delete your content from [specific google services](privacy#footnote-delete-specific)
  * search for and then delete specific items from your account using [my activity](https://myactivity.google.com/?utm_source=pp)
  * [delete specific google products](https://myaccount.google.com/deleteservices?utm_source=pp), including your information associated with those products
  * [delete your entire google account](https://myaccount.google.com/deleteaccount?utm_source=pp)

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/1fa3e4ce8ac456f39ed02a6f9eb49b14.svg)

[delete your information](https://myaccount.google.com/delete-services-or-
account?utm_source=pp)

and finally, [inactive account
manager](https://myaccount.google.com/inactive?utm_source=pp) allows you to
give someone else access to parts of your google account in case you’re
unexpectedly unable to use your account.

* * *

there are other ways to control the information google collects whether or not
you’re signed in to a google account, including:

  * browser settings: for example, you can configure your browser to indicate when google has set a [cookie](privacy#footnote-cookies) in your browser. you can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. but remember that our services [rely on cookies to function properly](privacy#footnote-rely-on-cookies), for things like remembering your language preferences.
  * device-level settings: your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. for example, you can [modify location settings](https://support.google.com/websearch?p=privpol_locserp) on your android device.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/fa9e0e90d1e7ec399dad9f3257a9bb63.svg)

# sharing your information

## when you share your information

many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have
control over how you share. for example, you can share videos on youtube
publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. remember, when you
share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search
engines, including google search.

when you’re signed in and interact with some google services, like leaving
comments on a youtube video or reviewing an app in play, your name and photo
appear next to your activity. we may also display this information in [ads
depending on your shared endorsements
setting](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_endorse).

## when google shares your information

we do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or
individuals outside of google except in the following cases:

### with your consent

we’ll share personal information outside of google when we have your consent.
for example, if you [use google home to make a
reservation](https://support.google.com/googlehome?p=privpol_homedata) through
a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone
number with the restaurant. we’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
[sensitive personal information](privacy#footnote-sensitive-info).

### with domain administrators

if you’re a student or work for an organization that uses google services,
your [domain administrator](https://support.google.com/a?p=privpol_admin) and
resellers who manage your account will have access to your google account.
they may be able to:

  * access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
  * view statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
  * change your account password
  * suspend or terminate your account access
  * receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
  * restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings

### for external processing

we provide personal information to our [affiliates](privacy#footnote-
affiliates) and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us,
based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policy and any
other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. for example, we use
service providers to help us with customer support.

### for legal reasons

we will share personal information outside of google if we have a good-faith
belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is
reasonably necessary to:

  * meet any applicable law, regulation, [legal process, or enforceable governmental request](privacy#footnote-legal). we share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our [transparency report](https://transparencyreport.google.com/user-data/overview).
  * enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations.
  * detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
  * protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of google, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.

we may share [non-personally identifiable information](privacy#footnote-info)
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or
rights holders. for example, we share information publicly to [show
trends](privacy#footnote-trends) about the general use of our services. we
also allow [specific partners](privacy#footnote-specific-partners) to collect
information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement
purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.

if google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll
continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give
affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes
subject to a different privacy policy.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/fb61fc4bfc85ad86f11342e699d685e9.svg)

# keeping your information secure

we build security into our services to protect your information

all google products are built with strong security features that continuously
protect your information. the insights we gain from maintaining our services
help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching
you. and if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about,
we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.

we work hard to protect you and google from unauthorized access, alteration,
disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:

  * we use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
  * we offer a range of security features, like [safe browsing](https://safebrowsing.google.com/?utm_source=pp), security checkup, and [2 step verification](https://www.google.com/landing/2step/?utm_source=pp) to help you protect your account
  * we review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
  * we restrict access to personal information to google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/13062c65605335a46d14656c46af3868.svg)

# exporting & deleting your information

you can export a copy of your information or delete it from your google
account at any time

you can export a copy of content in your google account if you want to back it
up or use it with a service outside of google.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/5959e84c2197c8a27da0a717f1cd47d5.svg)

[export your data](https://takeout.google.com/?utm_source=pp)

to delete your information, you can:

  * delete your content from [specific google services](privacy#footnote-delete-specific)
  * search for and then delete specific items from your account using [my activity](https://myactivity.google.com/?utm_source=pp)
  * [delete specific google products](https://myaccount.google.com/deleteservices?utm_source=pp), including your information associated with those products
  * [delete your entire google account](https://myaccount.google.com/deleteaccount?utm_source=pp)

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/1fa3e4ce8ac456f39ed02a6f9eb49b14.svg)

[delete your information](https://myaccount.google.com/delete-services-or-
account?utm_source=pp)

# retaining your information

we retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what
it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:

  * some data you can delete whenever you like, such as the content you create or upload. you can also delete [activity information](https://myactivity.google.com/myactivity) saved in your account, or [choose to have it deleted automatically](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/465?authuser=0#auto-delete) after a set period of time.
  * other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as [advertising data](technologies/ads) in server logs.
  * we keep some data until you delete your google account, such as information about how often you use our services.
  * and some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.

when you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data
is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in
anonymized form. we try to ensure that our services protect information from
accidental or malicious deletion. because of this, there may be delays between
when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and
backup systems.

you can read more about google’s [data retention
periods](technologies/retention), including how long it takes us to delete
your information.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/e60586c0029adec0bacd3e48470ca6c6.svg)

# compliance & cooperation with regulators

we regularly review this privacy policy and make sure that we process your
information in ways that comply with it.

## data transfers

we maintain [servers around the world](privacy#footnote-servers) and your
information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where
you live. data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more
protection than others. regardless of where your information is processed, we
apply the same protections described in this policy. we also comply with
certain [legal frameworks](privacy/frameworks) relating to the transfer of
data.

when we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person
who made the complaint. we work with the appropriate regulatory authorities,
including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints
regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.

## california requirements

the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) requires specific disclosures for
california residents.

this privacy policy is designed to help you understand how google handles your
information:

  * we explain the categories of information google collects and the sources of that information in [information google collects](privacy#infocollect).
  * we explain how google uses information in [why google collects data](privacy#whycollect).
  * we explain when google may share information in [sharing your information](privacy#infosharing). google does not sell your personal information.

the ccpa also provides the right to request information about how google
collects, uses, and discloses your personal information. and it gives you the
right to access your information and request that google delete that
information. finally, the ccpa provides the right to not be discriminated
against for exercising your privacy rights.

we describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across
google’s services in [your privacy controls](privacy#infochoices). you can
exercise your rights by using these controls, which allow you to access,
review, update and delete your information, as well as [export and
download](https://takeout.google.com/settings/takeout?utm_source=pp) a copy of
it. when you use them, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re
signed in to your google account. if you have questions or requests related to
your rights under the ccpa, you (or your authorized agent) can also [contact
google](https://support.google.com/policies/answer/9581826).

the ccpa requires a description of data practices using specific categories.
this table uses these categories to organize the information in this privacy
policy.

### categories of personal information we collect

 **identifiers** such as your [name, phone
number](https://myaccount.google.com/personal-info), and address, as well as
[unique identifiers](privacy#footnote-unique-id) tied to the browser,
application, or device you’re using.

 **demographic information** , such as your
[age](https://myaccount.google.com/personal-info),
[gender](https://myaccount.google.com/gender) and
[language](https://myaccount.google.com/language).

 **commercial information** such as your [payment
information](https://myaccount.google.com/payments-and-subscriptions) and a
history of [purchases](https://myaccount.google.com/purchases) you make on
google’s services.

 **biometric information** if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints
in google’s product development studies.

 **internet, network, and other activity information** such as your search
terms; views and interactions with content and ads; chrome browsing history
you’ve synced with your google account; information about the interaction of
your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like ip address, crash
reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that
use our services. you can review and control activity data stored in your
google account in [my
activity](https://myactivity.google.com/myactivity?utm_source=pp).

 **geolocation data** , such as may be determined by gps, ip address, and
other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your
device and account settings. learn more about [google’s use of location
information](technologies/location-data).

 **audio, electronic, visual and similar information** , such as [voice and
audio information](https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/6030020) when
you use audio features.

 **professional, employment, and education information** , such as information
[you provide](https://myaccount.google.com/profile) or that is maintained
through an organization using google services at which you study or work.

 **other information you create or provide** , such as the content you create,
upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets).
[google dashboard](https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard) allows you to
manage information associated with specific products.

 **inferences** drawn from the above, like your [ads interest
categories](https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?utm_source=pp).

### business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed

 **protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity** : google
uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security
incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent,
or illegal activity. for example, to protect our services, google may receive
or disclose information about ip addresses that malicious actors have
compromised.

 **auditing and measurement** : google uses information for analytics and
measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill
obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or
rights holders. we may disclose non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes.

 **maintaining our services** : google uses information to ensure our services
are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and
other issues that you report to us.

 **research and development** : google uses information to improve our
services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit
our users and the public. for example, we use publicly available information
to help train google’s language models and build features like google
translate.

 **use of service providers** : google shares information with service
providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our privacy
policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. for
example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support.

 **advertising** : google processes information, including online identifiers
and information about your interactions with advertisements, to provide
advertising. this keeps google’s services and many of the websites and
services you use free of charge. you can control what information we use to
show you ads by visiting your [ad
settings](https://adssettings.google.com/?utm_source=pp).

 **legal reasons** : google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws
or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or
enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. we provide
information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments
in our [transparency report](https://transparencyreport.google.com/user-
data/overview).

### parties with whom information may be shared

 **other people with whom you choose to share your information** , like docs
or photos, and videos or comments on youtube.

 **third parties to whom you consent to sharing your information** , such as
services that integrate with google’s services. you can [review and manage
third party apps and sites](https://myaccount.google.com/permissions) with
access to data in your google account.

 **service providers** , trusted businesses or persons that process
information on google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance
with our privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security
measures.

[domain
administrators](https://support.google.com/a/answer/6208960?p=privpol_admin),
if you work or study at an organization that uses google services.

 **law enforcement or other third parties** , for the legal reasons described
in [sharing your information](privacy#infosharing).

# about this policy

## when this policy applies

this privacy policy applies to all of the services offered by google llc and
its [affiliates](privacy#footnote-affiliates), including youtube, android, and
services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. this
privacy policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies
that do not incorporate this privacy policy.

this privacy policy doesn’t apply to:

  * the information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
  * services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may include google services, be displayed to you in search results, or be linked from our services

## changes to this policy

we change this privacy policy from time to time. we will not reduce your
rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. we always
indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
[archived versions](privacy/archive) for your review. if changes are
significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain
services, email notification of privacy policy changes).

# related privacy practices

## specific google services

the following privacy notices provide additional information about some google
services:

  * [chrome & the chrome operating system](https://www.google.com/chrome/intl/en/privacy.html)
  * [payments](https://payments.google.com/legaldocument?family=0.privacynotice&hl=en)
  * [fiber](https://fiber.google.com/legal/privacy.html)
  * [google fi](https://fi.google.com/about/tos/#project-fi-privacy-notice)
  * [g suite for education](https://www.google.com/work/apps/terms/education_privacy.html)
  * [read along](https://readalong.google/intl/en_us/privacy)
  * [youtube kids](https://kids.youtube.com/privacynotice)
  * [google accounts managed with family link, for children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)](https://families.google.com/familylink/privacy/child-policy/)
  * [voice and audio collection from children’s features on the google assistant](https://assistant.google.com/privacy-notice-childrens-features/)

if you’re a member of an organization that uses google workspace or google
cloud platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal
information in the [google cloud privacy
notice](https://cloud.google.com/terms/cloud-privacy-notice).

## other useful resources

the following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our
practices and privacy settings.

  * [your google account](https://myaccount.google.com/) is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
  * [privacy checkup](https://myaccount.google.com/privacycheckup?utm_source=pp&utm_medium=promo-in-product&utm_campaign=pp_body) guides you through key privacy settings for your google account
  * [google’s safety center](https://www.google.com/intl/en/safetycenter/) helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
  * [privacy & terms]() provides more context regarding this privacy policy and our terms of service
  * [technologies](technologies) includes more information about:
    * [how google uses cookies](technologies/cookies)
    * technologies used for [advertising](technologies/ads)
    * [how google uses pattern recognition](technologies/pattern-recognition) to recognize things like faces in photos
    * [how google uses information from sites or apps that use our services](technologies/partner-sites)

## key terms

### affiliates

an affiliate is an entity that belongs to the google group of companies,
including the following companies that provide consumer services in the eu:
google ireland limited, google commerce ltd, google payment corp, and google
dialer inc. learn more about the [companies providing business services in the
eu](https://privacy.google.com/businesses/affiliates).

### algorithm

a process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving
operations.

### application data cache

an application data cache is a data repository on a device. it can, for
example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and
improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of
content.

### browser web storage

browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device.
when used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across
sessions. this makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and
reopened. one technology that facilitates web storage is html 5.

### cookies

a cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to
your computer when you visit a website. when you visit the site again, the
cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. cookies may store user
preferences and other information. you can configure your browser to refuse
all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however, some website
features or services may not function properly without cookies. learn more
about [how google uses cookies](technologies/cookies) and how google uses
data, including cookies, [when you use our partners' sites or
apps](technologies/partner-sites).

### device

a device is a computer that can be used to access google services. for
example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all
considered devices.

### google account

you may access some of our services by signing up for a [google
account](https://myaccount.google.com/) and providing us with some personal
information (typically your name, email address, and a password). this account
information is used to authenticate you when you access google services and
protect your account from unauthorized access by others. you can edit or
delete your account at any time through your google account settings.

### ip address

every device connected to the internet is assigned a number known as an
internet protocol (ip) address. these numbers are usually assigned in
geographic blocks. an ip address can often be used to identify the location
from which a device is connecting to the internet.

### non-personally identifiable information

this is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects
or references an individually-identifiable user.

### personal information

this is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you,
such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that
can be reasonably linked to such information by google, such as information we
associate with your google account.

### pixel tag

a pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of
an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a
website or when an email is opened. pixel tags are often used in combination
with cookies.

### referrer url

a referrer url (uniform resource locator) is information transmitted to a
destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that
page. the referrer url contains the url of the last webpage the browser
visited.

### sensitive personal information

this is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such
as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or
religious beliefs, or sexuality.

### server logs

like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made
when you visit our sites. these “server logs” typically include your web
request, internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date
and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify
your browser.

a typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:

    
    
    123.45.67.89 - 25/mar/2003 10:15:32 -  
    http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -  
    firefox 1.0.7; windows nt 5.1 -  
    740674ce2123e969

  * `123.45.67.89` is the internet protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s isp. depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the internet.
  * `25/mar/2003 10:15:32` is the date and time of the query.
  * `http://www.google.com/search?q=cars` is the requested url, including the search query.
  * `firefox 1.0.7; windows nt 5.1` is the browser and operating system being used.
  * `740674ce2123a969` is the unique cookie id assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited google. (cookies can be deleted by users. if the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited google, then it will be the unique cookie id assigned to their device the next time they visit google from that particular device).

### unique identifiers

a unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely
identify a browser, app, or device. different identifiers vary in how
permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be
accessed.

unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and
fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your
preferences, and providing personalized advertising. for example, unique
identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in
your preferred language. you can configure your browser to refuse all cookies
or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. learn more about [how google uses
cookies](technologies/cookies).

on other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize
a specific device or app on that device. for example, a unique identifier such
as the advertising id is used to provide relevant advertising on android
devices, and can be [managed](technologies/ads) in your device’s settings.
unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer
(sometimes called a universally unique id or uuid), such as the imei-number of
a mobile phone. for example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to
customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our
services.

## additional context

### ads you’ll find most useful

for example, if you watch videos about baking on youtube, you may see more ads
that relate to baking as you browse the web. we also may use your ip address
to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a
nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” learn more [about
google ads](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_whyad) and [why you
may see particular ads](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_whyad).

### advertising and research services on their behalf

for example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so
that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. we only
provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about
individual people.

### android device with google apps

android devices with google apps include devices sold by google or one of our
partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions.
these devices use google play services and other pre-installed apps that
include services like gmail, maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-
to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.

### combine the information we collect

some examples of how we combine the information we collect include:

  * when you’re signed in to your google account and search on google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other google products, like gmail or google calendar. this can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. [learn more](https://support.google.com/websearch?p=privpol_privresults&hl=en_us)
  * if you have communicated with someone via gmail and want to add them to a google doc or an event in google calendar, google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. this feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. [learn more](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=autocontacts&hl=en_us)
  * the google app can use data that you have stored in other google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. for example, if you have searches stored in your web & app activity, the google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. [learn more](https://support.google.com/websearch?p=privpol_feed&hl=en_us)
  * if you link your google account to your google home, you can manage your information and get things done through the google assistant. for example, you can add events to your google calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. [learn more](https://support.google.com/googlehome?p=privpol_actions&hl=en_us)

### customized search results

for example, when you’re signed in to your google account and have the web &
app activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that
are based on your previous searches and activity from other google services.
you can [learn more
here](https://support.google.com/websearch?p=privpol_searchactivity). you may
also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. if you don’t
want this level of search customization, you can [search and browse
privately](https://support.google.com/websearch?p=privpol_incognito) or turn
off [signed-out search
personalization](https://www.google.com/history/optout?utm_source=pp).

### deliver our services

examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:

  * we use the ip address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a youtube video
  * we use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your google account
  * photos and videos you upload to google photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. [learn more](https://support.google.com/photos?p=privpol_manage)
  * a flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your gmail
  * when you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. we use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.

### detect abuse

when we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our
systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take
other appropriate action. in certain circumstances, we may also report the
violation to appropriate authorities.

### devices

for example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which
device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from google
play. we also use this information to help protect your account.

### ensure and improve

for example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the
performance of our ads.

### ensure our services are working as intended

for example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. and if
we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity
information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more
quickly.

### information about things near your device

if you use google’s location services on android, we can improve the
performance of apps that rely on your location, like google maps. if you use
google’s location services, your device sends information to google about its
location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and wi-fi
access points (like mac address and signal strength). all these things help to
determine your location. you can use your device settings to enable google
location services. [learn
more](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_androidloc&hl=en_us)

### legal process, or enforceable governmental request

like other technology and communications companies, google regularly receives
requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data.
respect for the privacy and security of data you store with google underpins
our approach to complying with these legal requests. our legal team reviews
each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a
request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
learn more in our [transparency
report](https://transparencyreport.google.com/user-data/overview).

### make improvements

for example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.
and that analysis can help us build better products. for example, it may help
us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or
that they have trouble finishing steps at all. we can then redesign that
feature and improve the product for everyone.

### may link information

google analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are
set by the google analytics customer. using our systems, data generated
through google analytics can be linked by the google analytics customer and by
google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites.
for example, an advertiser may want to use its google analytics data to create
more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. [learn
more](https://support.google.com/analytics?p=privpol_data&hl=en_us)

### partner with google

there are over 2 million non-google websites and apps that partner with google
to show ads. [learn
more](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_controlads&hl=en_us)

### payment information

for example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your google
account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the
play store. we may also ask for other information, like a business tax id, to
help process your payment. in some cases, we may also need to verify your
identity and may ask you for information to do this.

we may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements,
if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old
enough to have a google account. [learn
more](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_agereq&hl=en_us)

### personalized ads

you may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. if
you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit
information to show you ads. [learn
more](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_whyad&hl=en_us)

### phone number

if you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different
purposes across google services, depending on your settings. for example, your
phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your
password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more
relevant to you. [learn
more](https://support.google.com/accounts?p=privpol_phone&hl=en_us)

### protect against abuse

for example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we
think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take
steps to protect your account).

### publicly accessible sources

for example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or
from other public sources to help train google’s language models and build
features like google translate.

### rely on cookies to function properly

for example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to
open many google docs in one browser. blocking this cookie would prevent
google docs from working as expected. [learn more](technologies/cookies#types-
of-cookies)

### safety and reliability

some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe
and reliable include:

  * collecting and analyzing ip addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. this abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a distributed denial of service (ddos) attack.
  * the “last account activity” feature in gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. this feature shows you information about recent activity in gmail, such as the ip addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. [learn more](https://support.google.com/mail?p=privpol_signinactivity&hl=en_us)

### sensitive categories

when showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of
interest to you based on your activity. for example, you may see ads for
things like "cooking and recipes" or "air travel.” we don’t use topics or show
personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual
orientation, or health. and we [require the same from
advertisers](https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy?p=privpol_p13nad) that
use our services.

### sensor data from your device

your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your
location and movement. for example, an accelerometer can be used to determine
your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel.

### servers around the world

for example, we operate data centers located [around the
world](https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/inside/locations) to help keep
our products continuously available for users.

### services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages

examples of these services include:

  * google voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
  * google meet, for making and receiving video calls
  * gmail, for sending and receiving emails
  * google chat, for sending and receiving messages
  * google duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
  * google fi, for a phone plan

### show trends

when lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful
information about particular trends at that time. google trends samples google
web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of
time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. [learn
more](https://support.google.com/trends?p=privpol_about)

### specific google services

for example, you can delete [your
blog](https://support.google.com/blogger?p=privpol_blog) from blogger or [a
google site you own](https://support.google.com/sites?p=privpol_delete) from
google sites. you can also delete
[reviews](https://support.google.com/googleplay?p=privpol_review) you’ve left
on apps, games, and other content in the play store.

### specific partners

for example, we allow youtube creators and advertisers to work with
measurement companies to learn about the audience of their youtube videos or
ads, using cookies or similar technologies. another example is merchants on
our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people
see their product listings. [learn more](privacy/google-partners) about these
partners and how they use your information.

### synced with your google account

your chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled
chrome synchronization with your google account. [learn
more](https://support.google.com/chrome?p=privpol_chrsync)

### the people who matter most to you online

for example, when you type an address in the to, cc, or bcc field of an email
you're composing, gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
[contact most frequently](https://contacts.google.com).

### third parties

for example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights
holders about how their content was used in our services. we may also process
your information if people search for your name and we display search results
for sites containing publicly available information about you.

### views and interactions with content and ads

for example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so
we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we
served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. we
may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an
ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.

### your activity on other sites and apps

this activity might come from your use of google services, like from syncing
your account with chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with
google. many websites and apps partner with google to improve their content
and services. for example, a website might use our advertising services (like
adsense) or analytics tools (like google analytics), or it might embed other
content (such as videos from youtube). these services may share information
about your activity with google and, depending on your [account
settings](https://myaccount.google.com/) and the products in use (for
instance, when a partner uses google analytics in conjunction with our
advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal
information.

[learn more](technologies/partner-sites) about how google uses data when you
use our partners' sites or apps.

![](https://www.gstatic.com/images/icons/material/system/svg/keyboard_arrow_up_24px.svg)

change language:afrikaansbahasa indonesiabahasa
melayucatalàčeštinadanskdeutscheestienglishenglish (united
kingdom)españolespañol (latinoamérica)euskarafilipinofrançaisfrançais
(canada)galegohrvatskiisizuluíslenskaitalianokiswahililatviešulietuviųmagyarnederlandsnorskpolskiportuguês
(brasil)português (portugal)românăslovenčinaslovenščinasrpskisuomisvenskatiếng
việttürkçeελληνικάбългарскирусскийсрпскиукраїнська‫עברית‬‫اردو‬‫العربية‬‫فارسی‬አማርኛमराठीहिन्दीবাংলাગુજરાતીதமிழ்తెలుగుಕನ್ನಡമലയാളംไทย한국어中文
(香港)中文（简体中文）中文（繁體中文）日本語

  * [google](https://www.google.com/)
  * [about google](https://about.google/)
  * [privacy](privacy)
  * [terms](terms)

google apps

main menu

