[sales:](/plans/enterprise/contact/) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1
650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) | support

  * [contact support](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/support)
  * [help center](https://support.cloudflare.com/)
  * [cloudflare community](https://community.cloudflare.com/)

| my account

  * [my profile](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile)
  * [account home](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/)
  * [billing](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/billing)
  * [secure remote employees with cloudflare](/teams)

| english

  * [english](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-us/terms/)
  * [english (united kingdom)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/terms/)
  * [english (canada)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/terms/)
  * [english (australia)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/terms/)
  * [english (india)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/terms/)
  * [deutsch](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/terms/)
  * [español (españa)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/terms/)
  * [español (latinoamérica)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/terms/)
  * [français](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/terms/)
  * [italiano](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/terms/)
  * [日本語](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/terms/)
  * [한국어](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/terms/)
  * [português](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/terms/)
  * [繁體中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/terms/)
  * [简体中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/terms/)

[support](https://support.cloudflare.com/) |
[sales:](/plans/enterprise/contact/) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1
650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) | english ▶▼

  * [english](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-us/terms/)
  * [english (united kingdom)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/terms/)
  * [english (canada)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/terms/)
  * [english (australia)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/terms/)
  * [english (india)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/terms/)
  * [deutsch](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/terms/)
  * [español (españa)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/terms/)
  * [español (latinoamérica)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/terms/)
  * [français](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/terms/)
  * [italiano](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/terms/)
  * [日本語](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/terms/)
  * [한국어](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/terms/)
  * [português](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/terms/)
  * [繁體中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/terms/)
  * [简体中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/terms/)

[ ![cloudflare](/img/logo-cloudflare-dark.svg) ![cloudflare](/img/logo-
cloudflare.svg) ](/)

  * solutions 
  * products 
  * documentation 
  * resources 
  * partners 
  * [ for enterprise ](/enterprise/)
  * pricing 

  * [ log in ](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login)
  * [ sign up ](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up)
  * under attack?

solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/) for
infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) for infrastructure
advanced security [bot management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) resources [resource
hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper)
[webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product guides](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case studies](/case-studies/)
[analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-new/) [network
map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930) channel & alliance partners [partner
network](/partners/) [partner portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com)
technology partners [overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/) pricing by plan [free](/plans/)
[pro](/plans/pro/) [business](/plans/business/)
[enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and explore [need help choosing a
plan?](/about-your-website/) [add ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all
plans](/plans/)

  * solutions
solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/)

  * products
for infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/)

  * documentation
for infrastructure advanced security [bot
management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/)

  * resources
resources [resource hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper) [webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product
guides](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case
studies](/case-studies/) [analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-
new/) [network map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930)

  * partners
channel & alliance partners [partner network](/partners/) [partner
portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com) technology partners
[overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/)

  * [for enterprise](/enterprise/)
  * pricing
pricing by plan [free](/plans/) [pro](/plans/pro/)
[business](/plans/business/) [enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and
explore [need help choosing a plan?](/about-your-website/) [add
ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all plans](/plans/)

  * support
[contact support](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/support) [help
center](https://support.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
community](https://community.cloudflare.com/)

  * my account
[my profile](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile) [account
home](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/)
[billing](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/billing) [secure remote
employees with cloudflare](/teams/)

  * english 
    * [ english (united kingdom) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/)
    * [ english (canada) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/)
    * [ english (australia) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/)
    * [ english (india) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/)
    * [ deutsch ](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/)
    * [ español (españa) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/)
    * [ español (latinoamérica) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/)
    * [ français ](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/)
    * [ italiano ](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/)
    * [ 日本語 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/)
    * [ 한국어 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/)
    * [ português ](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/)
    * [ 繁體中文 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/)
    * [ 简体中文 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/)
[log in](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) [sign
up](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up)

  * under attack?

solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/) for
infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) for infrastructure
advanced security [bot management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) resources [resource
hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper)
[webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product guides](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case studies](/case-studies/)
[analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-new/) [network
map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930) channel & alliance partners [partner
network](/partners/) [partner portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com)
technology partners [overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/) pricing by plan [free](/plans/)
[pro](/plans/pro/) [business](/plans/business/)
[enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and explore [need help choosing a
plan?](/about-your-website/) [add ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all
plans](/plans/)

## ddos protection hotline

![success logo](/img/icon_check-white.svg)

### thank you

someone from cloudflare will be in touch with you shortly. [CLS] [SEP]

  * contact us
  * [help! i'm under attack!](/under-attack-hotline/)
  * [email sales](/plans/enterprise/contact/)
  * [support](https://support.cloudflare.com/)
  * [1-888-993-5273](tel:18889935273)

# cloudflare self-serve subscription agreement

effective december 22, 2020

please read the following carefully as it affects your legal rights. [CLS] [SEP] this
self-serve subscription agreement (“subscription agreement”), cloudflare’s
[privacy policy](/privacypolicy/), [supplemental terms](/supplemental-terms/),
[domain registration agreement](/domain-registration-agreement/), any plan or
feature limits, product disclaimers, or other restrictions presented to you on
the cloudflare website or documentation, and all other applicable terms
(collectively, the “agreement”) govern your use of our services (as defined
below), including but not limited to, any free, trial, or paid cloudflare
services or software where the subscription agreement appears or is linked to. [CLS] [SEP]
the [supplemental terms](/supplemental-terms/) and [domain registration
agreement](/domain-registration-agreement/) (each where applicable), which may
be updated by us from time to time, are hereby incorporated by reference into
the subscription agreement. [CLS] [SEP]

this agreement contains provisions requiring that you agree to the use of
arbitration to resolve any disputes arising under this agreement rather than a
jury trial or any other court proceedings, and to waive your participation in
class action of any kind against cloudflare. [CLS] [SEP]

**by clicking on the “create account” button (or any similar button) that is
presented to you at the time of sign-up, by using or accessing the services,
or by otherwise indicating your acceptance of this agreement, you agree to be
bound by this agreement. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare may modify this agreement from time to
time, subject to the terms in section 14 (changes to this agreement) below.**

if you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a company, organization,
or another legal entity (an “ **entity** ”), you are agreeing to this
agreement for that entity and representing to cloudflare that you have the
authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case the terms
“you,” “your” or a related capitalized term herein will refer to such entity. [CLS] [SEP]
if you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with this agreement,
you must not accept this agreement and must not use the services. [CLS] [SEP]

## 1\. [CLS] [SEP] overview

this agreement governs cloudflare’s cloud-based solutions that are provided as
part of a subscription or require a cloudflare account ( **“cloud services”**
) and software and software development kits made available in connection with
the cloud services (collectively, **“software”** ). [CLS] [SEP] **section 2 (cloud
services)** applies specifically to the cloud services (including cloudflare’s
application programming interfaces ( **“apis”** )), and **section 3
(software)** applies specifically to software (including cloudflare’s software
development kits ( **“sdks”** )). [CLS] [SEP] unless otherwise specified, all other
sections of this agreement apply to both the cloud services and the software
(collectively, the **“services”** ). [CLS] [SEP]

## 2\. [CLS] [SEP] cloud services

### 2.1 access to cloud services

subject to your compliance with this agreement (including, without limitation,
all payment obligations), cloudflare hereby grants to you a limited,
revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable (except to
affiliates) right, to access and use the cloud services (“ **cloud license**
”). [CLS] [SEP] if you are agreeing to this agreement on behalf of an entity, such
entity’s affiliates may also access and use the cloud services provided that
such affiliates agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, and the
entity remain fully liable for such affiliates’ actions and omissions in
connection with this agreement as if the entity had performed such acts and
omissions itself. [CLS] [SEP] “affiliate” means any means an entity which, directly or
indirectly, owns or controls, is owned or is controlled by or is under common
ownership or control with a party, where “control” means the power to direct
the management or affairs of an entity, and “ownership” means the beneficial
ownership of 50% (or, if the applicable jurisdiction does not allow majority
ownership, the maximum amount permitted under such law) or more of the voting
equity securities or other equivalent voting interests of the entity. [CLS] [SEP]

### 2.2 restrictions

unless otherwise expressly permitted in writing by cloudflare, you will not
and you have no right to:

(a) rent, lease, loan, export, or sell access to the cloud services to any
third party;

(b) interfere with, disrupt, alter, or modify the cloud services or any part
thereof, or create an undue burden on the cloud services or the networks or
services connected to the cloud services;

(c) utilize any framing techniques to enclose any cloudflare trademark, logo,
service mark, or other trade dress (“cloudflare marks”) or materials (defined
below) or use any meta tags or other “hidden text” utilizing the cloudflare
marks or materials without cloudflare’s written consent

(d) introduce software or automated agents or scripts into the cloud services
so as to produce multiple accounts, generate automated searches, requests or
queries, or to strip or mine data from the cloud services;

(f) perform or publish any benchmark tests or analyses relating to the cloud
services without cloudflare’s written consent;

(g) cover or obscure any page or part of the cloud services via html/css,
scripting, or any other means;

(h) process or collect personal or business credit card information on any web
property that is receiving free services (as defined below); or

(i) use the cloud services to store or transmit any “protected health
information” as that term is defined in 45 c.f.r. [CLS] [SEP] 160.103 without cloudflare’s
written consent. [CLS] [SEP]

### 2.3 credentials

you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of all usernames,
passwords, and other access credentials (such as api tokens and oauth
credentials) created by or assigned to you (“ **credentials** ”) and are
solely responsible for all activities that occur with such credentials. [CLS] [SEP]

if you permit third parties to access your cloudflare account (e.g., by
providing your api token or using oauth), you do so at your sole risk and
cloudflare will not be directly or indirectly responsible or liable to you in
any manner, for any harms, damages, loss, lost profits, special or
consequential damages, or claims, arising out of or in connection with such
permission. [CLS] [SEP] you acknowledge that by permitting a third party to access your
cloudflare account, the third party may obtain, modify, or delete your account
data and settings. [CLS] [SEP]

you agree to notify cloudflare promptly of any actual or suspected
unauthorized use of any credentials. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare reserves the right to
terminate any credentials that cloudflare reasonably determines may have been
accessed or used by an unauthorized third party and will provide immediate
notice of such to you. [CLS] [SEP] for your added security, we strongly encourage you to
enable two-factor authentication in conjunction with your credentials. [CLS] [SEP]

### 2.4 subscription terms, renewals, and cancellations

all cloud services that are provided to you as paid services (each a, “ **paid
cloud service** ”) will be provided to you on a subscription basis for the
length of term that you specified during the initial sign-up process (“
**subscription term** ”). [CLS] [SEP] all of your subscriptions to paid cloud services
will automatically renew for periods equal to your initial subscription term,
and you will be charged at our then-current rates unless you cancel your
subscription through the cloud services’ account dashboard prior to your next
scheduled billing date. [CLS] [SEP]

### 2.5 your information

#### 2.5.1

you and your end users (as such term is defined in the privacy policy) will
retain all right, title and interest in and to any data, content, code, video,
images or other materials of any type that you or your end users transmit to
or through the cloud services (collectively, “ **your information** ”) in the
form provided to cloudflare. [CLS] [SEP] subject to the terms of this agreement, you
hereby grant us a non-exclusive, fully sublicensable, worldwide, royalty-free
right to collect, use, copy, store, transmit, modify and create derivative
works of your your information, in each case to the extent necessary to
provide the cloud services. [CLS] [SEP]

#### 2.5.2

you must obtain all necessary rights, releases and permissions to provide your
information to cloudflare, and your information and its transfer must not
violate any applicable local, state, federal and international laws and
regulations (“ **laws** ”) (including without limitation those relating to
export control or electronic communications). [CLS] [SEP] other than our security
obligations under **section 6.2 (security)** , we assume no responsibility or
liability for your information, and you will be solely responsible for the
consequences of using, disclosing, storing, transferring or transmitting your
information. [CLS] [SEP]

#### 2.5.3

cloudflare may modify certain components of your information on or transmitted
to or from your website to enhance your website’s performance or security or
the functionality of the cloud services. [CLS] [SEP] for example, depending on the
cloudflare services you select or the apps that you enable, cloudflare may:
(i) intercept requests determined to be threats and take actions, such as,
presenting them with a challenge page, dropping the request, presenting
alternative content, redirecting and other similar measures; (ii) add cookies
to your domain to track visitors, such as those who have successfully passed
the captcha on a challenge page; (iii) add scripts to your pages to perform
additional performance tracking; (iv) add firewall rules to your website; and
(v) make other changes to increase the performance, security or analytic
capabilities of your website. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare will make it clear whenever a feature
will materially modify your information and, whenever possible, provide you a
mechanism to allow you to disable the feature. [CLS] [SEP]

#### 2.5.4

by transmitting your information to or through the cloud services, you
represent and warrant that your information does not infringe, violate, or
misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark,
patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any
other intellectual property or proprietary right. [CLS] [SEP]

### 2.6 free & trial services

we may offer free or trial versions of the cloud services (“free services”)
from time to time. [CLS] [SEP] with respect to each such free service, we will make each
such free service available to you free of charge until the earlier of (a) the
end of the free trial period (if applicable) for which you registered to use
the free service; (b) the start date of your subscription term for the paid
services version of such free service; or (c) termination of the free service
by cloudflare in our sole discretion. [CLS] [SEP] **we will have no liability for any harm
or damage arising out of or in connection with any free services.**

### 2.7 acceptable use

by using the cloud services you are agreeing, among other things, that you
will not use the cloud services to (a) falsely imply any sponsorship or
association with cloudflare; (b) post, transmit, store or link to any files,
materials, data, text, audio, video, images or other content that infringe on
any person’s intellectual property rights or that are otherwise unlawful; or
(c) engage in any activities that are illegal, including disseminating,
promoting or facilitating child sexual abuse material or engaging in human
trafficking. [CLS] [SEP]

### 2.8 limitation on serving non-html content

the services are offered primarily as a platform to cache and serve web pages
and websites. [CLS] [SEP] unless explicitly included as part of a paid service purchased
by you, you agree to use the services solely for the purpose of (i) serving
web pages as viewed through a web browser or other functionally equivalent
applications, including rendering hypertext markup language (html) or other
functional equivalents, and (ii) serving web apis subject to the restrictions
set forth in this section 2.8. [CLS] [SEP] use of the services for serving video or a
disproportionate percentage of pictures, audio files, or other non-html
content is prohibited, unless purchased separately as part of a paid service
or expressly allowed under our [supplemental terms](/supplemental-terms/) for
a specific service. [CLS] [SEP] if we determine you have breached this section 2.8, we may
immediately suspend or restrict your use of the services, or limit end user
access to certain of your resources through the services. [CLS] [SEP]

## 3\. [CLS] [SEP] software

### 3.1 license grant

subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, cloudflare grants you a
limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable
(except to affiliates (as defined above)) license to install and use the
software during your use of the applicable cloud services in accordance with
this agreement and any cloudflare documentation (“ **license** ”). [CLS] [SEP] your
license will end upon the earlier of the termination of your use of the cloud
services requiring such software or the termination of this agreement. [CLS] [SEP] some
software may contain open source or third party software, which may have
additional terms and restrictions regarding such software’s use. [CLS] [SEP]

### 3.2 limitations

you will not reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to
derive the source code, techniques, processes, algorithms, know-how or other
information from the binary code portions of the software (collectively, "
**reverse engineering** ") or permit or induce the foregoing. [CLS] [SEP] if however,
directly applicable law prohibits enforcement of the foregoing, you may engage
in reverse engineering solely for purposes of obtaining such information as is
necessary to achieve interoperability of your own or third party software with
the software, and to the limited extent permitted by directly applicable law,
but only if: (a) reverse engineering is strictly necessary to obtain such
information; and (b) you have first requested such information from us and we
fail to make such information available (for a fee or otherwise) under
reasonable terms and conditions. [CLS] [SEP]

### 3.3 software modifications

subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, for any elements of the
software provided to you in source code form you may modify such source code
solely to the extent necessary to support your permitted use of the software
(collectively, “ **modifications** ”). [CLS] [SEP] unless expressly stated otherwise, you
may not distribute your modifications to any third party. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare has no
support, warranty, indemnification or other obligation or liability with
respect to your modifications or their combination, interaction or use with
our cloud services. [CLS] [SEP] you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from
and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or in
connection with any claim brought against us by a third party relating to your
modifications. [CLS] [SEP]

### 3.4 third party products and services

you may access or use, at your sole discretion, certain third-party products
and services that interoperate with the services ( **“third party products”**
), including, but not limited to, third-party apps provided on cloudflare
apps, third-party service integrations made available through the cloudflare
dashboard or apis, and third-party products or services that you authorize to
access your cloudflare account using oauth or other credentials. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare
does not make any representations, warranties, or guarantees regarding the
third party products and the providers thereof, including, but not limited to,
as to their continued availability, security, and integrity. [CLS] [SEP] if cloudflare
makes a third party product available to you, it is on an “as is” and “as
available” basis, and cloudflare may cease providing it without entitling you
to any refund, credit, or other compensation. [CLS] [SEP] each third party product is
governed by the terms of service, end user license agreement, privacy
policies, and/or any other applicable terms and policies of the third party
provider. [CLS] [SEP] your access or use of a third party product is solely between you
and the applicable third party product provider. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare will not be
directly or indirectly responsible or liable to you in any manner, for any
harms, damages, loss, lost profits, special or consequential damages, or
claims, arising out of or in connection with the installation of, use of, or
reliance on the performance of any of the third party products. [CLS] [SEP] further
information related to the apps available via cloudflare apps is available on
the cloudflare apps page located [here](/apps/). [CLS] [SEP]

## 4\. [CLS] [SEP] billing

### 4.1 recurring billing

in order to access those services for which we require a fee (“ **paid
services** ”) you will be required to provide cloudflare with your credit card
information (“ **payment method** ”). [CLS] [SEP] by providing a payment method you are
authorizing us to charge your payment method on a monthly, annual basis, or
pay-as-you-go basis, or as otherwise applicable for the fees associated with
the paid services that you sign up for. [CLS] [SEP] any payment method that you provide us
must be valid, and kept current by you during the subscription term. [CLS] [SEP] by
providing us with a payment method, you represent and warrant that you are
authorized to use such payment method. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare will begin billing your
payment method for the paid services on the day that you sign up for such paid
services, regardless of whether you have fully configured the paid services as
of that date. [CLS] [SEP]

### 4.2 price changes

we reserve the right to change the fees that we charge for the service, at any
time in our sole discretion, provided that we give you at least thirty (30)
days’ prior notice of such changes. [CLS] [SEP] unless otherwise specified in such notice
to you, any changes to the subscription fees will take effect in the billing
period immediately following our notice to you. [CLS] [SEP]

### 4.3 no refunds

fees are nonrefundable. [CLS] [SEP] you will be billed in full for the subscription term
in which you cancel and no refunds will be provided for the unused portion of
such subscription term. [CLS] [SEP] following any cancellation, however, you will continue
to have access to the paid services through the end of your current
subscription term. [CLS] [SEP] we may, in our sole discretion, provide a refund, discount,
or credit (“ **credits** ”) to you in a specific instance, however the
provision of credits in a specific instance does not entitle you to credits in
the future for similar instances or obligate us to provide additional credits. [CLS] [SEP]

### 4.4 taxes

unless otherwise stated, our charges do not include any taxes, levies, duties
or similar governmental assessments, including value-added, sales, use or
withholding taxes assessable by any local, state, provincial or foreign
jurisdiction (collectively “taxes”). [CLS] [SEP] you are responsible for paying taxes,
except those assessable against cloudflare as measured by our net income. [CLS] [SEP]
unless you provide us with evidence of an exemption, we will invoice you for
such taxes if we believe we have a legal obligation to do so and you agree to
pay such taxes if so invoiced. [CLS] [SEP]

## 5\. [CLS] [SEP] beta services

from time to time, we may make non-production cloud services and software (“
**beta services** ”) that are under development available to you at no charge. [CLS] [SEP]
you may access these beta services at your sole discretion. [CLS] [SEP] beta services are
intended for testing purposes only, and may be subject to additional terms
that will be presented to you at the time of sign-up. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare is not
obligated to provide you with support for the beta services or correct any
bugs, defects, or errors in the beta services. [CLS] [SEP] unless otherwise stated, any
beta services testing period will expire upon the earlier of one year from the
testing start date or the date that a version of the beta services becomes
generally available without the applicable beta services designation. [CLS] [SEP] we may
discontinue, suspend, or remove beta services (including any of your
information stored as part of the beta services) or your access thereto at any
time in our sole discretion and may never make them generally available. [CLS] [SEP] you
understand that any information you obtain regarding beta services is
cloudflare confidential information, and you agree not to disclose such
information until a beta service becomes generally available, except as
required by law, and to only use such information in connection with your use
of the beta services. [CLS] [SEP] notwithstanding **section 12** , we will have no
liability for any harm or damage arising out of or in connection with any beta
services. [CLS] [SEP]

## 6\. [CLS] [SEP] data processing and security

### 6.1 data processing

if your information includes the personal data of european data subjects as
those terms are defined by eu and uk data protection laws, then cloudflare is
a data processor or sub-processor, as applicable, and cloudflare’s [data
processing
addendum](/resources/assets/slt3lc6tev37/1m1j5uufdultyizjjdpbag/bda8d591447971b3df2bccf5aa4e0916/customer_dpa_v.3_1_-_en_1_oct_2020.pdf)
is incorporated by reference into this agreement. [CLS] [SEP] “eu and uk data protection
laws” means all laws and regulations of the european union, the european
economic area, their member states, switzerland, and the united kingdom,
applicable to the processing of personal data including (where applicable),
the swiss federal act on data protection, the uk data protection act and the
general data protection regulation (regulation (eu) 2016/679 of the european
parliament and of the council of 27 april 2016 on the protection of natural
persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free
movement of such data). [CLS] [SEP]

### 6.2 security

we implement security procedures to help protect your information from
security threats. [CLS] [SEP] however, you understand that your use of the service
necessarily involves transmission of your information over networks that are
not owned, operated or controlled by us, and we are not responsible for any of
your information that is lost, altered, intercepted or stored across such
networks. [CLS] [SEP] we cannot guarantee that our security procedures will be error-free,
that transmissions of your information will always be secure or that
unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures
or those of our third party service providers. [CLS] [SEP]

## 7\. [CLS] [SEP] trade sanctions and export control

you may not use the service for any reason if you or any party that owns or
controls you, are subject to sanctions or otherwise designated on any list of
prohibited or restricted parties, including but not limited to the lists
maintained by the u.s. [CLS] [SEP] government (e.g., the specially designated nationals
list and foreign sanctions evaders list of the u.s. [CLS] [SEP] department of treasury,
and the entity list of the u.s. [CLS] [SEP] department of commerce), the european union or
its member states, or other applicable government authority. [CLS] [SEP] you may not use
the service to export or re-export any information or technology to any
country, individual, or entity to which such export or re-export is restricted
or prohibited. [CLS] [SEP]

## 8\. [CLS] [SEP] termination of use; discontinuation and modification of the service

you will lose your license to use the service if you violate any provision of
this agreement. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare’s policy is to investigate violations of this
agreement. [CLS] [SEP] we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your user account upon
receiving any number of dmca notifications from content owners regarding your
website(s), or upon learning through other means that you are a repeat
infringer. [CLS] [SEP] additionally, we may at our sole discretion terminate your user
account or suspend or terminate your access to the service at any time, with
or without notice for any reason or no reason at all. [CLS] [SEP] we also reserve the
right to modify or discontinue the service at any time (including, without
limitation, by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the service)
without notice to you. [CLS] [SEP] we will have no liability whatsoever on account of any
change to the service or any suspension or termination of your access to or
use of the service. [CLS] [SEP] you may terminate your account at any time through the
service’s account dashboard. [CLS] [SEP]

## 9\. [CLS] [SEP] ownership; proprietary rights

the visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data,
computer code (including source code or object code), products, software,
services, and all other elements of the service (the “ **materials** ”)
provided by cloudflare are protected by all relevant intellectual property and
proprietary rights and applicable laws. [CLS] [SEP] all materials contained in the service
are the property of cloudflare or our third-party licensors. [CLS] [SEP] except as
expressly authorized by cloudflare you may not make use of the materials. [CLS] [SEP]
cloudflare reserves all rights to the materials not granted expressly in this
agreement. [CLS] [SEP]

you hereby grant cloudflare a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide,
transferable, irrevocable, sublicensable, and perpetual license to use or
incorporate into the services any suggestions, enhancement requests,
recommendations, corrections, or other feedback ( **“feedback”** ) you provide
to cloudflare relating to the services. [CLS] [SEP]

## 10\. [CLS] [SEP] indemnification

### 10.1 by cloudflare

cloudflare will defend you against any third party claim brought against you,
to the extent that such claim is based on an allegation that a paid service,
when used as authorized under this agreement, infringes a united states or
european union patent or registered copyright (a " **claim** "), and we will
indemnify you against any damages and costs (including reasonable legal fees)
finally awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction attributable to such a
claim or agreed to settlement by cloudflare. [CLS] [SEP] if any portion of a paid service
becomes, or in cloudflare’s opinion is likely to become, the subject of an
infringement claim, cloudflare may, at cloudflare’s option: (a) procure the
right for you to continue using the paid service; (b) replace the paid service
with non-infringing services which do not materially impair the functionality
of the paid service; (c) modify the paid service so that it becomes non-
infringing; or (d) terminate the paid service and refund any pre-paid
subscription fees covering the remainder of the subscription term, and upon
such termination, you will immediately cease all use of the paid service. [CLS] [SEP]
cloudflare will have no obligation under this **section 10** or otherwise with
respect to any infringement claim based upon: (w) any use of a paid service
not in accordance with this agreement or the applicable cloudflare
documentation; any use of a paid service in combination with third party
products or services not supplied by cloudflare; or (z) any modification of a
paid service by any person other than cloudflare or its authorized agents. [CLS] [SEP]
this subsection sets forth cloudflare’s sole and exclusive obligations, and
your sole and exclusive remedies, with respect to claims of infringement of
third party intellectual property rights. [CLS] [SEP]

### 10.2 by you

you agree that you will be responsible for your use of the service, and you
agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless cloudflare and its officers,
directors, employees, consultants, affiliates (as defined above), subsidiaries
and agents (collectively, the " **cloudflare entities** ") from and against
any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected
with your access to, use of, or alleged use of the service; (ii) your
violation of this agreement or any representation, warranty, or agreements
referenced herein, or any applicable law or regulation; (iii) your violation
of any third-party right, including without limitation any intellectual
property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; or (iv)
any disputes or issues between you and any third party. [CLS] [SEP] we reserve the right,
at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter
otherwise subject to indemnification by you (and without limiting your
indemnification obligations with respect to such matter), and in such case,
you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim. [CLS] [SEP]

## 11\. [CLS] [SEP] disclaimers; no warranties

the service are made available to you on an "as is" and "as available" basis,
with the express understanding that the cloudflare entities have no obligation
to monitor, control, or vet user content or data. [CLS] [SEP] as such, your use of the
services is at your own discretion and risk. [CLS] [SEP] the cloudflare entities make no
claims or promises about the quality, accuracy, or reliability of the
services, its safety or security, or the services content. [CLS] [SEP] accordingly, the
cloudflare entities are not liable to you for any loss or damage that might
arise, for example, from the service's inoperability, unavailability or
security vulnerabilities. [CLS] [SEP]

the cloudflare entities expressly disclaim all warranties, whether express or
implied, including implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, and non-infringement. [CLS] [SEP] some jurisdictions may prohibit a
disclaimer of warranties and you may have other rights that vary from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. [CLS] [SEP]

## 12\. [CLS] [SEP] limitation of liability

in no event will the cloudflare entities be liable to you or any third party
for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages
arising out of or relating to your access to or use of, or your inability to
access or use, the services or any materials or content on the services,
whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), statute or
any other legal theory, whether or not the cloudflare entities have been
informed of the possibility of such damage. [CLS] [SEP]

you agree that the aggregate liability of the cloudflare entities to you for
any and all claims arising out of relating to the use of or any inability to
use the services (including any materials or content available through the
services) or otherwise under this agreement, whether in contract, tort, or
otherwise, is limited to the amounts you have paid to cloudflare to access and
use the service in the 12 months prior to the claim. [CLS] [SEP]

some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for
consequential or incidental damages. [CLS] [SEP] accordingly, the above limitation may not
apply to you. [CLS] [SEP]

## 13\. [CLS] [SEP] governing law

this agreement will be governed by the laws of the state of california without
regard to conflict of law principles. [CLS] [SEP] to the extent that any lawsuit or court
proceeding is permitted hereunder, you and cloudflare agree to submit to the
personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located
within san francisco county, california for the purpose of litigating all such
disputes. [CLS] [SEP]

## 14\. [CLS] [SEP] changes to this agreement

cloudflare reserves the right to make modifications to this agreement at any
time. [CLS] [SEP] if a revision materially alters your rights we will use reasonable
efforts to contact you, including sending a notification to the e-mail
address(es) associated with your account. [CLS] [SEP] in some instances, such as with free
services, you may be required to indicate your consent to the revised terms in
order to continue accessing the service. [CLS] [SEP] unless otherwise specified, any
modifications to this agreement will take effect at the start of subscription
term following the notice. [CLS] [SEP] if you do not agree with the revised terms, your
sole and exclusive remedy will be not to renew your subscription. [CLS] [SEP]

## 15\. [CLS] [SEP] versions

the authoritative version of this document is available at:
[www.cloudflare.com/subscriptionagreement](/subscriptionagreement). [CLS] [SEP] while
translations of this document may be provided in multiple languages for your
convenience, the english language version hosted at the link above is binding
for all users of the service. [CLS] [SEP]

## 16\. [CLS] [SEP] general

this agreement constitutes the entire and exclusive understanding and
agreement between you and cloudflare regarding your use of and access to the
service. [CLS] [SEP] you may not assign or transfer this agreement or your rights
hereunder, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our
prior written consent. [CLS] [SEP] we may assign this agreement at any time without
notice. [CLS] [SEP] the failure to require performance of any provision will not affect
our right to require performance at any time thereafter, nor will a waiver of
any breach or default of this agreement or any provision of this agreement
constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the
provision itself. [CLS] [SEP] use of section headers in this subscription agreement is for
convenience only and will not have any impact on the interpretation of
particular provisions. [CLS] [SEP] in the event that any part of this agreement is held to
be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to
the greatest extent possible and the remaining parts will remain in full force
and effect. [CLS] [SEP] upon termination of this agreement, any provision that by its
nature or express terms should survive will survive such termination or
expiration, including, but not limited to, **sections 2.5.1** and **sections
9** through **19**. [CLS] [SEP]

## 17\. [CLS] [SEP] dispute resolution and arbitration

### 17.1 generally

in the interest of resolving disputes between you and cloudflare in the most
expedient and cost effective manner, you and cloudflare agree that any and all
disputes arising in connection with this agreement will be resolved by binding
arbitration. [CLS] [SEP] arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. [CLS] [SEP] arbitration
uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for more
limited discovery than in court, and can be subject to very limited review by
courts. [CLS] [SEP] arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can
award. [CLS] [SEP] our agreement to arbitrate disputes includes, but is not limited to all
claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of this agreement, whether
based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal
theory, and regardless of whether the claims arise during or after the
termination of this agreement. [CLS] [SEP] you understand and agree that, by entering into
these terms, you and cloudflare are each waiving the right to a trial by jury
or to participate in a class action. [CLS] [SEP]

### 17.2 exceptions

notwithstanding **subsection 17.1** , we both agree that nothing herein will
be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit either of our right to (i)
bring an individual action in small claims court, (ii) pursue enforcement
actions through applicable federal, state, or local agencies where such
actions are available, (iii) seek injunctive relief in a court of law, or (iv)
to file suit in a court of law to address intellectual property infringement
claims. [CLS] [SEP]

### 17.3 arbitrator

any arbitration between you and cloudflare will be governed by the commercial
arbitration rules and mediation procedures (" **aaa rules** ") of the american
arbitration association (" **aaa** "), as modified by this agreement, and will
be administered by the aaa. [CLS] [SEP] the aaa rules and filing forms are available
online at www.adr.org, by calling the aaa at 1-800-778-7879. [CLS] [SEP]

### 17.4 notice; process

a party who intends to seek arbitration must first send a written notice of
the dispute to the other, by certified mail or federal express (signature
required), or in the event that we do not have a physical address on file for
you, by electronic mail (" **notice** "). [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare's address for notice is:
cloudflare, inc., 101 townsend st., san francisco, ca 94107. [CLS] [SEP] the notice must
(i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (ii) set forth
the specific relief sought (" **demand** "). [CLS] [SEP] we agree to use good faith
efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if we do not reach an agreement to
do so within 30 days after the notice is received, you or cloudflare may
commence an arbitration proceeding. [CLS] [SEP]

### 17.5 fees

any arbitration hearings will take place at a location to be agreed upon in
san francisco, ca provided that if the claim is for $10,000 or less, you may
choose whether the arbitration will be conducted (i) solely on the basis of
documents submitted to the arbitrator; (ii) through a non-appearance based
telephonic hearing; or (iii) by an in-person hearing as established by the aaa
rules in the county (or parish) of your billing address. [CLS] [SEP] if the arbitrator
finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the
demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the
standards set forth in federal rule of civil procedure 11(b)), then the
payment of all fees will be governed by the aaa rules. [CLS] [SEP] in such case, you agree
to reimburse cloudflare for all monies previously disbursed by it that are
otherwise your obligation to pay under the aaa rules. [CLS] [SEP] regardless of the manner
in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator will issue a reasoned
written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions
on which the decision and award, if any, are based. [CLS] [SEP] the arbitrator may make
rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or
expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party
made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits. [CLS] [SEP]

### 17.6 no class actions

you and cloudflare agree that each may bring claims against the other only in
your or its individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any
purported class or representative proceeding. [CLS] [SEP] further, unless both you and
cloudflare agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one
person’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a
representative or class proceeding. [CLS] [SEP]

### 17.7 modifications

in the event that cloudflare makes any future change to this arbitration
provision (other than a change to cloudflare's address for notice), you may
reject any such change by sending us written notice within 30 days of the
change to cloudflare's address for notice, in which case your account with
cloudflare will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as
in effect immediately prior to the amendments you reject will survive. [CLS] [SEP]

### 17.8 enforceability

if **subsection 17.1** is found to be unenforceable or if the entirety of this
**section 17** is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this
**section 17** will be null and void and, in such case, the parties agree that
the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in **section 13** will govern
any action arising out of or related to this agreement. [CLS] [SEP]

## 18\. [CLS] [SEP] consent to electronic communications

by using the service, you consent to receiving certain electronic
communications from us as further described in our privacy policy. [CLS] [SEP] please read
our privacy policy to learn more about your choices regarding our electronic
communications practices. [CLS] [SEP] you agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures,
or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any
legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in
writing. [CLS] [SEP]

## 19\. [CLS] [SEP] contact information

the service is offered by cloudflare, inc., located at 101 townsend st., san
francisco, california 94107. [CLS] [SEP] you may contact us by sending correspondence to
the foregoing address or by emailing us at
[support@cloudflare.com](mailto:support@cloudflare.com). [CLS] [SEP] if you are a
california resident, you may have this agreement mailed to you electronically
by sending a letter to the foregoing address with your electronic mail address
and a request for this agreement. [CLS] [SEP]

## 20\. [CLS] [SEP] publicity

you agree to allow us to identify you as a customer, to use your website’s
name in connection with proposals to prospective customers, to hyperlink to
your website’s home page, to display your logo on the cloudflare website, and
to otherwise refer to you in print or electronic form for marketing or
reference purposes. [CLS] [SEP] if you do not wish for cloudflare to use your name or logo
in any of the preceding ways, please contact
[support@cloudflare.com](mailto:support@cloudflare.com). [CLS] [SEP]

### legal

  * [website terms of use](/website-terms)
  * [self-serve subscription agreement](/terms)
  * [supplemental terms](/supplemental-terms)
  * [privacy policy](/privacypolicy)
  * [cookie policy](/cookie-policy)
  * [trust & safety](/abuse)
  * [transparency report](/transparency)
  * [domain registration agreement](/domain-registration-agreement)
  * [modern slavery act statement](/modern-slavery-act-statement)

### have questions?

if you have questions about these terms or anything else about cloudflare,
please don't hesitate to contact us:

+1 (650) 319-8930

**cloudflare, inc.**  
101 townsend st,  
san francisco, ca 94107  
usa

  * sales ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ enterprise sales ](/plans/enterprise/contact/)
  * [ become a partner ](/partners/)

contact sales:  
[+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930)

  * getting started ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ industry analysts ](/analysts/)
  * [ pricing ](/plans/)
  * [ case studies ](/case-studies/)
  * [ white papers ](/resources/)
  * [ webinars ](/webinars/)
  * [ learning center ](/learning/)

  * community ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ community hub ](https://community.cloudflare.com)
  * [ blog ](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
  * [ project galileo ](/galileo/)
  * [ athenian project ](/athenian/)
  * [ cloudflare for campaigns ](/campaigns/)
  * [ cloudflare tv ](https://cloudflare.tv/)

  * developers ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ developer hub ](https://developers.cloudflare.com)
  * [ cloudflare workers ](/products/cloudflare-workers/)
  * [ integrations ](/integrations/)

  * support ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ help center ](https://support.cloudflare.com)
  * [ cloudflare status ](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com)
  * [ compliance ](/compliance/)
  * [ gdpr ](/gdpr/introduction/)
  * [ trust & safety ](/abuse/)

  * company ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ about cloudflare ](/about-overview/)
  * [ investor relations ](https://cloudflare.net)
  * [ our team ](/people/)
  * [ press ](/press/)
  * [ careers ](/careers/)
  * [ internet summit ](/internetsummit/)
  * [ logo ](/logo/)
  * [ network map ](/network/)

[![facebook](/img/footer/facebook.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/cloudflare/)
[![twitter](/img/footer/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/cloudflare)
[![linkedin](/img/footer/linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cloudflare)
[![youtube](/img/footer/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/cloudflare)
[![instagram](/img/footer/instagram.svg)](https://www.instagram.com/cloudflare)
(c) 2021 cloudflare, inc. [CLS] [SEP] [privacy policy](/privacypolicy/) [terms of
use](/website-terms/) [disclosure](/disclosure/) cookie preferences
[trademark](/trademark/)

to provide you with the best possible experience on our website, we may use
cookies, as described [here](/cookie-policy/). [CLS] [SEP]  
by clicking accept, closing this banner, or continuing to browse our websites,
you consent to the use of such cookies. [CLS] [SEP]

i accept

