[sales:](/plans/enterprise/contact/) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1
650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) | support

  * [contact support](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/support)
  * [help center](https://support.cloudflare.com/)
  * [cloudflare community](https://community.cloudflare.com/)

| my account

  * [my profile](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile)
  * [account home](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/)
  * [billing](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/billing)
  * [secure remote employees with cloudflare](/teams)

| english

  * [english](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-us/privacypolicy/)
  * [english (united kingdom)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/privacypolicy/)
  * [english (canada)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/privacypolicy/)
  * [english (australia)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/privacypolicy/)
  * [english (india)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/privacypolicy/)
  * [deutsch](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/privacypolicy/)
  * [español (españa)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/privacypolicy/)
  * [español (latinoamérica)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/privacypolicy/)
  * [français](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/privacypolicy/)
  * [italiano](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/privacypolicy/)
  * [日本語](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/privacypolicy/)
  * [한국어](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/privacypolicy/)
  * [português](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/privacypolicy/)
  * [繁體中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/privacypolicy/)
  * [简体中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/privacypolicy/)

[support](https://support.cloudflare.com/) |
[sales:](/plans/enterprise/contact/) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1
650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) | english ▶▼

  * [english](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-us/privacypolicy/)
  * [english (united kingdom)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/privacypolicy/)
  * [english (canada)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/privacypolicy/)
  * [english (australia)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/privacypolicy/)
  * [english (india)](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/privacypolicy/)
  * [deutsch](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/privacypolicy/)
  * [español (españa)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/privacypolicy/)
  * [español (latinoamérica)](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/privacypolicy/)
  * [français](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/privacypolicy/)
  * [italiano](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/privacypolicy/)
  * [日本語](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/privacypolicy/)
  * [한국어](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/privacypolicy/)
  * [português](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/privacypolicy/)
  * [繁體中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/privacypolicy/)
  * [简体中文](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/privacypolicy/)

[ ![cloudflare](/img/logo-cloudflare-dark.svg) ![cloudflare](/img/logo-
cloudflare.svg) ](/)

  * solutions 
  * products 
  * documentation 
  * resources 
  * partners 
  * [ for enterprise ](/enterprise/)
  * pricing 

  * [ log in ](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login)
  * [ sign up ](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up)
  * under attack?

solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/) for
infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) for infrastructure
advanced security [bot management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) resources [resource
hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper)
[webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product guides](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case studies](/case-studies/)
[analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-new/) [network
map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930) channel & alliance partners [partner
network](/partners/) [partner portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com)
technology partners [overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/) pricing by plan [free](/plans/)
[pro](/plans/pro/) [business](/plans/business/)
[enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and explore [need help choosing a
plan?](/about-your-website/) [add ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all
plans](/plans/)

  * solutions
solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/)

  * products
for infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/)

  * documentation
for infrastructure advanced security [bot
management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/)

  * resources
resources [resource hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper) [webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product
guides](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case
studies](/case-studies/) [analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-
new/) [network map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930)

  * partners
channel & alliance partners [partner network](/partners/) [partner
portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com) technology partners
[overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/)

  * [for enterprise](/enterprise/)
  * pricing
pricing by plan [free](/plans/) [pro](/plans/pro/)
[business](/plans/business/) [enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and
explore [need help choosing a plan?](/about-your-website/) [add
ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all plans](/plans/)

  * support
[contact support](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/support) [help
center](https://support.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
community](https://community.cloudflare.com/)

  * my account
[my profile](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile) [account
home](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/)
[billing](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/billing) [secure remote
employees with cloudflare](/teams/)

  * english 
    * [ english (united kingdom) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/)
    * [ english (canada) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/)
    * [ english (australia) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-au/)
    * [ english (india) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-in/)
    * [ deutsch ](https://www.cloudflare.com/de-de/)
    * [ español (españa) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-es/)
    * [ español (latinoamérica) ](https://www.cloudflare.com/es-la/)
    * [ français ](https://www.cloudflare.com/fr-fr/)
    * [ italiano ](https://www.cloudflare.com/it-it/)
    * [ 日本語 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/ja-jp/)
    * [ 한국어 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/ko-kr/)
    * [ português ](https://www.cloudflare.com/pt-br/)
    * [ 繁體中文 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-tw/)
    * [ 简体中文 ](https://www.cloudflare.com/zh-cn/)
[log in](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) [sign
up](https://dash.cloudflare.com/sign-up)

  * under attack?

solutions deliver superior online experiences [mitigate ddos attacks](/ddos/)
[stop malicious bot abuse](/products/bot-management/) [accelerate internet
applications](/performance/accelerate-internet-applications/) [ensure
application availability](/performance/ensure-application-availability/)
[optimize web experiences](/website-optimization/) [stream videos on-
demand](/products/cloudflare-stream/) secure employee applications and devices
[deliver zero trust access to applications](/teams-access/) [implement secure
access service edge (sase)](/teams-sase/) [protect users accessing the
internet](/teams-gateway/) [protect corporate networks](/teams/) [manage
secure contractor access](/teams/third-party-access/) [replace virtual private
networks (vpns)](/teams/vpn-replacement/) [secure your remote
workforce](/teams/remote-workforces/) [stop zero day attacks with browser
isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/)   protect and accelerate networks
[mitigate l3 ddos attacks](/magic-transit/) [connect network infrastructure
with cloudflare](/network-interconnect/) [transform corporate
networks](/cloudflare-one/) code on the network edge [build a serverless
application](https://workers.cloudflare.com) [deploy a static
website](https://workers.cloudflare.com/sites) [configure a
cdn](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials/configure-your-cdn)
[define conditional request
routing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/pages/conditional_response/)
manage a secure cloud [secure hybrid, cloud, & saas platforms](/multi-cloud/)
[enable ssl for saas applications](/ssl-for-saas-providers/) [reduce cloud
data transfer costs](/bandwidth-alliance/) register a website [register or
transfer a website](/products/registrar/) industries [ecommerce](/ecommerce/)
[financial services](/financial-services/) [gaming](/gaming/) [healthcare and
life sciences](/healthcare/) [media and entertainment](/media-and-
entertainment/) [public sector](/public-sector/) [saas](/saas/) public
interest [election campaigns](/campaigns/) [athenian project](/athenian/)
[project galileo](/galileo/) [project fair shot](/fair-shot/) for
infrastructure application & network security [ddos protection](/ddos/)
[waf](/waf/) [bot management](/products/bot-management/) [magic
transit](/magic-transit/) [rate limiting](/rate-limiting/) [ssl / tls](/ssl/)
[cloudflare spectrum](/products/cloudflare-spectrum/) [network
interconnect](/network-interconnect/) performance & reliability [cdn](/cdn/)
[dns](/dns/) [argo smart routing](/products/argo-smart-routing/) [load
balancing](/load-balancing/) [stream delivery](/products/stream-delivery/)
[china network](/network/china/) [waiting room](/waiting-room/) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](/teams-home/) [access](/teams-access/)
[gateway](/teams-gateway/) [browser isolation](/teams/browser-isolation/) for
developers serverless applications [cloudflare workers](/products/cloudflare-
workers/) [cloudflare workers kv](/products/workers-kv/) domain registration
[cloudflare registrar](/products/registrar/) website development [cloudflare
pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/) [cloudflare
stream](/products/cloudflare-stream/) for everyone [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1)
[1.1.1.1 with warp (app)](https://blog.cloudflare.com/1111-warp-better-vpn/)
[1.1.1.1 for families](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-1-1-1-1-for-
families/) insights [analytics](/analytics/) [cloudflare
logs](/products/cloudflare-logs/) [web analytics](/web-analytics/) [cloudflare
radar](https://radar.cloudflare.com/) privacy [data localization](/data-
localization/) [compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) for infrastructure
advanced security [bot management](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360027519452-understanding-cloudflare-bot-management) [firewall
rules](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/) [magic
transit](https://developers.cloudflare.com/magic-transit/) [spectrum
(tcp/udp)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/spectrum/)
[ssl](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/)
[waf](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/) performance & reliability
[cdn](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-
us/articles/200172516-understanding-cloudflare-s-cdn) [dns](/dns/) [image
resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/) [load
balancing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/load-balancing) [stream
(video)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/stream/)   insights
[analytics](https://developers.cloudflare.com/analytics/)
[](https://developers.cloudflare.com/logs/) domain registration
[registrar](https://developers.cloudflare.com/registrar/) for serverless
applications [workers quick
start](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/quickstart) [cloudflare
pages](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/) [sample workers
projects](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/templates/) [workers
tutorials](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tutorials) [command-line
(wrangler)](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/tooling/wrangler)
[runtime](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/reference/apis) for teams
[cloudflare for teams](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/)
explore cloudflare api [cloudflare api](https://api.cloudflare.com/) [api
authentication](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/) documentation hub [dev
documentation hub](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) resources [resource
hub](/resource-hub/) [whitepapers](/resource-hub/?resourcetype=whitepaper)
[webinars](/webinars/) [solutions & product guides](/resource-
hub/?resourcetype=solution+%26+product+guides) [case studies](/case-studies/)
[analysts](/analysts/) explore [what's new?](/whats-new/) [network
map](/network/) [cloudflare in china](/network/china/)
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) get started [register your
website](/products/registrar/) [welcome center](/welcome-center/) [get
help](https://support.cloudflare.com) learn [learning center](/learning/)
[security](/learning/security/what-is-web-application-security/)
[ddos](/learning/ddos/what-is-a-ddos-attack/) [bot
management](/learning/bots/what-is-a-bot/) [ssl](/learning/ssl/what-is-ssl/)
[identity and access management](/learning/access-management/what-is-identity-
and-access-management/) [performance](/learning/performance/why-site-speed-
matters/) [cdn](/learning/cdn/what-is-a-cdn/) [dns](/learning/dns/what-is-
dns/) [cloud](/learning/cloud/what-is-the-cloud/)
[serverless](/learning/serverless/what-is-serverless/) [network
layer](/learning/network-layer/what-is-the-network-layer/) connect
[blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
[community](https://community.cloudflare.com) compliance
[gdpr](/gdpr/introduction/) [transparency report](/transparency/)
[compliance](/privacy-and-compliance/) contact [+1 650 319
8930](tel:+16503198930) channel & alliance partners [partner
network](/partners/) [partner portal](https://portal.cloudflarepartners.com)
technology partners [overview](/partners/technology-partners/) [analytics
partners](/partners/analytics/) [bandwidth alliance](/bandwidth-alliance/)
[interconnect partnerships](/network-interconnect-partnerships/) [peering
portal](/partners/peering-portal/) pricing by plan [free](/plans/)
[pro](/plans/pro/) [business](/plans/business/)
[enterprise](/plans/enterprise/) compare and explore [need help choosing a
plan?](/about-your-website/) [add ons](/plans/#addons) [compare all
plans](/plans/)

## ddos protection hotline

![success logo](/img/icon_check-white.svg)

### thank you

someone from cloudflare will be in touch with you shortly. [CLS] [SEP]

  * contact us
  * [help! i'm under attack!](/under-attack-hotline/)
  * [email sales](/plans/enterprise/contact/)
  * [support](https://support.cloudflare.com/)
  * [1-888-993-5273](tel:18889935273)

# cloudflare privacy policy

this privacy policy is effective as of october 27, 2020. [CLS] [SEP]

_we have updated our march 31, 2020 privacy policy to reflect that we no
longer rely on the eu-u.s. [CLS] [SEP] and swiss-u.s. [CLS] [SEP] privacy shields as a basis under the
eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) for the transfer of personal data
from the eu, uk, and switzerland to the united states._

* * *

_this cloudflare privacy policy (“policy”) outlines the personal information
that cloudflare, inc. [CLS] [SEP] (“cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use
that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or
delete such personal information._

* * *

## cloudflare’s promise

our mission to help build a better internet is rooted in the importance we
place on establishing trust with our customers, users, and the internet
community globally. [CLS] [SEP] to earn and maintain that trust, we commit to
communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of
data on our systems. [CLS] [SEP]

we keep your personal information personal and private. [CLS] [SEP] we will not sell or
rent your personal information to anyone. [CLS] [SEP] we will not share or otherwise
disclose your personal information except as necessary to provide our services
or as otherwise described in this policy without first providing you with
notice and the opportunity to consent. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 1\. [CLS] [SEP] policy application

this policy applies to cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the
personal information of the following categories of data subjects:

  * **attendees:** those who visit our offices or provide their information to cloudflare or cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research. [CLS] [SEP]

  * **website visitors:** those who visit our websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. [CLS] [SEP] for the purposes of this policy, “websites” refer collectively to [www.cloudflare.com](http://www.cloudflare.com) as well as any other websites cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this policy. [CLS] [SEP] for clarity, “websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our customers, including where we serve as registrar. [CLS] [SEP]

  * **customers:** individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom cloudflare provides services pursuant to such agreement. [CLS] [SEP] for purposes of this policy, “services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("apis") made available in connection with the foregoing. [CLS] [SEP]

  * **administrators:** those with login credentials for a cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the services for a customer. [CLS] [SEP] in some cases, an administrator and customer may be the same individual. [CLS] [SEP] in other cases, an administrator may be an agent acting on behalf of a customer. [CLS] [SEP]

  * **public dns resolver users:** those who use cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive domain name system (“dns”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). [CLS] [SEP] learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver/ "cloudflare's commitment to privacy: 1.1.1.1 public dns resolver"). [CLS] [SEP]

  * **end users:** those who (i) access or use our customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) are authorized cloudflare for teams users, such as our customers’ employees, agents, or contractors. [CLS] [SEP]

  * **registrants:** users of cloudflare’s domain registrar services. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare is an [icann](https://www.icann.org/ "icann")-accredited registrar and complies with the [2013 registrar accreditation agreement](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/approved-with-specs-2013-09-17-en "2013 raa") (“raa”). [CLS] [SEP]

this policy does not apply to “application users”—those individuals who use
cloudflare’s consumer-facing applications, such as the 1.1.1.1 application. [CLS] [SEP]
see the [1.1.1.1 application privacy
policy](https://www.cloudflare.com/application/privacypolicy/) for more
information about the data collection and use practices for cloudflare's
1.1.1.1 application and the associated 1.1.1.1 application services. [CLS] [SEP]

this policy also does not apply to our customers’ domains, websites, apis,
applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy
policies. [CLS] [SEP] our customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for
and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including
those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with
the use of our services by end users with whom our customers interact. [CLS] [SEP]

cloudflare’s websites and services are not intended for, nor designed to
attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare does not knowingly
collect personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. [CLS] [SEP]

when cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our ip addresses may appear in whois and
dns records for websites using our services. [CLS] [SEP] we are a conduit for information
controlled by others. [CLS] [SEP] it is our customers and their users who are responsible
for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content,
graphics, etc.). [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 2\. [CLS] [SEP] information we collect (categories of data subjects)

  * **attendees**
    * **name, email address, and other contact information:** we may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research. [CLS] [SEP]
    * **image and voice:** when you participate in a cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study. [CLS] [SEP]
  

  * **website visitors**
    * **name, email address, and other contact information:** we ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. [CLS] [SEP] we also may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. [CLS] [SEP] we will send such communications in accordance with applicable law. [CLS] [SEP]
    * **log files:** just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the internet, when you visit our websites, including the cloudflare community forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. [CLS] [SEP] this information may include but is not limited to internet protocol (ip) addresses, system configuration information, urls of referring pages, and locale and language preferences. [CLS] [SEP] 
    * **cookies and other tracking technologies:** we may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. [CLS] [SEP] you can control how websites use cookies by configuring your browser's privacy settings (please refer to your browser's help function to learn more about cookie controls). [CLS] [SEP] note that if you disable cookies entirely, cloudflare’s websites may not function properly. [CLS] [SEP] we may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. [CLS] [SEP] if you wish not to have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 "nai us") (or if located in the european union, the united kingdom, or switzerland, click [here](https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ "nai eu")). [CLS] [SEP] you may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “cookie preferences” link in the footer of the cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com. [CLS] [SEP] for more information about the cookies cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our [cookie policy](https://www.cloudflare.com/cookie-policy/ "cookie policy"). [CLS] [SEP] 
    * **material contributed in interactive areas:** the websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“interactive areas”). [CLS] [SEP] if you choose to participate in any of these interactive areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an interactive area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. [CLS] [SEP] if you wish to remove your personal information from any of our interactive areas, please see the section 8, below. [CLS] [SEP] 
  

  * **customers and administrators**
    * **customer account information:** when you register for an account, we collect contact information. [CLS] [SEP] depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of services. [CLS] [SEP] in addition, when you use the services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer), and we maintain logs of administrator activity. [CLS] [SEP] we refer to all of this information collectively as “customer account information” for the purposes of this policy. [CLS] [SEP] customer account information is required to enable your access to your cloudflare account and services. [CLS] [SEP] by providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. [CLS] [SEP]
    * **payment information:** we do not require our customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our services. [CLS] [SEP] when you sign up for one of our paid services, you must provide payment and billing information. [CLS] [SEP] the information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. [CLS] [SEP] for example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers. [CLS] [SEP]
  

  * **public dns resolver users**
    * **limited dns query data:** we will collect limited dns query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. [CLS] [SEP] our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal data, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. [CLS] [SEP] you can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver/ "cloudflare’s commitment to privacy: 1.1.1.1 public dns resolver"). [CLS] [SEP]
    * please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 application, which is not covered by this policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described [here](https://www.cloudflare.com/application/privacypolicy/). [CLS] [SEP]
  

  * **end users**
    * **log data:** cloudflare processes end users’ information on behalf of our customers. [CLS] [SEP] this information is processed when end users access or use our customers’ domains, websites, apis, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our services. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare also processes end users’ information on behalf of our customers when the end users access our services pursuant to our customers’ authorization. [CLS] [SEP] the information processed may include but is not limited to ip addresses, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks (collectively, “log data”). [CLS] [SEP]
  

  * **registrants**
    * **contact and domain information:** we collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, dnssec, and form of approval (i.e., full whois capture at time of transfer into our system, including the ip address that initiated the transfer). [CLS] [SEP]
  

in addition, cloudflare stores server and network activity data, and
observations and analyses derived from traffic data collected by cloudflare in
the course of providing the services (together, “operational metrics”). [CLS] [SEP]
examples of operational metrics include service uptime and service
availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, and ip threat
scores. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 3\. [CLS] [SEP] how we use information we collect

cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible
with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. [CLS] [SEP] as
a general matter, for all categories of data described in section 2 above,
except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data, we may use the information (including
personal information, to the extent applicable) to:

  * provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the websites and services for all users of the websites and services;

  * enable you to access and use the websites and services;

  * process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;

  * send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;

  * send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. [CLS] [SEP] see section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences. [CLS] [SEP]

  * process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;

  * monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the websites and services and for marketing or advertising purposes;

  * comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the services, and other illegal activities;

  * personalize the websites and services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;

  * to register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and

  * process for other purposes for which we obtain your consent. [CLS] [SEP]

**public dns resolver users.** we use information we collect from 1.1.1.1
resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist
us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. [CLS] [SEP] our 1.1.1.1 resolver service
does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal data. [CLS] [SEP] we will not combine any
information collected from dns queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other
cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify
individual end users. [CLS] [SEP] learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to
privacy [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-
resolver/ "cloudflare’s commitment to privacy: 1.1.1.1 public dns resolver"). [CLS] [SEP]

**log data from end users.** we use and process the log data from end users to
fulfill our obligations under our customer agreements and as may be required
by law. [CLS] [SEP] we act as a data processor and service provider pursuant to data
processing instructions by our customers. [CLS] [SEP]

**information from third party services.** we may combine information we
collect as described in section 2 above with personal information we obtain
from third parties. [CLS] [SEP] for example, we may combine information entered on a
cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-
party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our
services to customers or potential customers. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 4\. [CLS] [SEP] data aggregation

cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our customers, administrators,
and end users, including the log data described above. [CLS] [SEP] for example, we may
assemble data to determine how web crawlers index the internet and whether
they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and
statistics. [CLS] [SEP] non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with
third parties. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 5\. [CLS] [SEP] notice to uk and eu residents

please note that the “personal information” referenced in this privacy policy
means “personal data” as that term is defined under the european union (“eu”)
general data protection regulations (“gdpr”) and its united kingdom (“uk”)
gdpr counterpart. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare is a data controller for the personal data
collected from all categories of data subjects listed above except for the
personal data of end users. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare processes the personal data of end
users on behalf of its customers. [CLS] [SEP]

if you are an individual from the european economic area (the “eea”), the uk
or switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your
personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the
specific context in which we collect it. [CLS] [SEP] we normally will collect personal
information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where
we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. [CLS] [SEP] to
deliver the cloudflare services you have requested), or (c) where the
processing is in our legitimate interests. [CLS] [SEP] please note that in most cases, if
you do not provide the requested information, cloudflare will not be able to
provide the requested service to you. [CLS] [SEP]

in some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal
information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to
protect your vital interests or those of another person. [CLS] [SEP] where we rely on your
consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or
decline consent at any time. [CLS] [SEP] where we rely on our legitimate interests to
process your personal data, you have the right to object. [CLS] [SEP]

if you have any questions about or need further information concerning the
legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please
contact us at
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com). [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 6\. [CLS] [SEP] information sharing

we work with other companies who help us run our business (“service
providers”). [CLS] [SEP] these companies provide services to help us deliver customer
support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing
customers and administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing
support, and otherwise operate and improve our services. [CLS] [SEP] these service
providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions
and in compliance both with this privacy policy and other applicable
confidentiality and security measures and regulations, including our
obligations under the eu-us and swiss-us privacy shield frameworks described
in section 7, below. [CLS] [SEP]

specifically, we do not permit our service providers to sell any personal
information we share with them or to use any personal information we share
with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in
connection with the services they provide to us. [CLS] [SEP]

in addition to sharing with service providers as described above, we also may
share your information with others in the following circumstances:

  * within the cloudflare group (defined for the purposes of this policy as cloudflare, inc. [CLS] [SEP] (united states) and its subsidiaries listed section 16;

  * with our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the services to customers;

  * with an app developer when you install an app from our app marketplace;

  * in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;

  * when we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. [CLS] [SEP] (learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests [here](https://www.cloudflare.com/transparency/ "transparency"));

  * where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our website terms of use, self-serve subscription agreement, and/or enterprise subscription terms of service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or

  * as you may otherwise consent from time to time. [CLS] [SEP]

**public dns resolver users.** cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs
with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with apnic pursuant to
a research cooperative agreement. [CLS] [SEP] learn more about information sharing
specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
[here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/1.1.1.1/privacy/public-dns-resolver/
"cloudflare’s commitment to privacy: 1.1.1.1 public dns resolver"). [CLS] [SEP]

**registrants.** if you purchase a domain name from cloudflare’s registrar
service, icann (the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers) and
the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain
require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration
and via the whois protocol. [CLS] [SEP] we may also be required to share this public data
with icann, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom
we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally
upon the legitimate request of third parties. [CLS] [SEP] registrant data may include the
domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name
server information. [CLS] [SEP] see our domain registration agreement
[here](https://www.cloudflare.com/domain-registration-agreement/ "domain
registration agreement"). [CLS] [SEP]

**notice to california residents.** we do not sell, rent, or share personal
information with third parties as defined under the california consumer
privacy act of 2018 (california civil code sec. [CLS] [SEP] 1798.100 et seq.), nor do we
sell, rent, or share personal information with third parties for their direct
marketing purposes as defined under california civil code sec. [CLS] [SEP] 1798.83. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 7\. [CLS] [SEP] international information transfers

cloudflare is a u.s.-based, global company. [CLS] [SEP] we primarily store your
information in the united states and the european economic area. [CLS] [SEP] to facilitate
our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around
the world, including from other countries in which the cloudflare group has
operations for the purposes described in this policy. [CLS] [SEP]

whenever cloudflare shares personal information originating in the eea, the
uk, or switzerland with a cloudflare entity outside the eea, the uk, or
switzerland, we will do so on the basis of the eu standard contractual clauses
(adjusted to address transfers from the uk). [CLS] [SEP]

if you are accessing or using our websites or services or otherwise providing
information to us, we may transfer your personal information outside of the
eea, the uk, or switzerland, ensuring appropriate safeguards are in place to
protect your personal information. [CLS] [SEP] we describe our additional safeguards
[here](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/gdpr/introduction/). [CLS] [SEP] if you have any
questions about or need further information concerning the appropriate
safeguards cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information,
please contact us at
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com). [CLS] [SEP]

while cloudflare no longer relies on the eu-u.s. [CLS] [SEP] and the swiss -u.s. [CLS] [SEP] privacy
shield as a lawful basis for international transfers of personal data from the
eea and switzerland to the u.s., cloudflare remains
[certified](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000gnzkaa0&status=active)
under both the eu-u.s. [CLS] [SEP] and the swiss-u.s. [CLS] [SEP] privacy shield frameworks
respectively as set forth by the u.s. [CLS] [SEP] department of commerce regarding the
collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the
eea, the uk, and switzerland to the united states, respectively (“privacy
shields”). [CLS] [SEP] we commit to periodically review and verify the accuracy of our
policies and our compliance with the privacy shields. [CLS] [SEP] if there is any conflict
between the terms in this policy and the privacy shield principles, the
privacy shield principles shall govern. [CLS] [SEP] for more information on the eu-u.s. [CLS] [SEP]
privacy shield or swiss-u.s. [CLS] [SEP] privacy shield, please visit the u.s. [CLS] [SEP] department
of commerce’s privacy shield website at:
<https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome>. [CLS] [SEP]

if you believe that we maintain copies of your personal data within the scope
of the privacy shields, you may direct any inquiries to
[sar@cloudflare.com](mailto:sar@cloudflare.com) or via mail to: cloudflare,
inc., 101 townsend st., san francisco, ca 94107, attn: data protection
officer. [CLS] [SEP] we will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and
verification of your identity. [CLS] [SEP]

if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
addressed satisfactorily, please contact our u.s.-based third party dispute
resolution provider (free of charge) at <https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request>. [CLS] [SEP] if neither we nor our dispute resolution
provider are able to resolve your complaint, as a last resort you may engage
in binding arbitration through the privacy shield panel. [CLS] [SEP]

our commitments under the privacy shields are subject to the investigatory and
enforcement powers of the u.s. [CLS] [SEP] federal trade commission. [CLS] [SEP] we may be required to
disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities,
including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. [CLS] [SEP] under
such circumstances, we may be prohibited by law, court order or other legal
process from providing notice of disclosure. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 8\. [CLS] [SEP] data subject rights and choices

for any subject access request ("sar"), we will need to verify a requestor is
inquiring about their own information before we can assist. [CLS] [SEP] where a sar may
implicate the personal data of another individual, we must balance the request
against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. [CLS] [SEP] we will comply
with sars to the extent required by applicable law or the us-swiss or us-eu
privacy shield. [CLS] [SEP] in the eea, the uk, and switzerland, you also have the right
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. [CLS] [SEP]

**attendees, website visitors, customers, administrators, and registrants.**
you have the right to access, correct, update, export, or delete your personal
information. [CLS] [SEP] you may email us at
[sar@cloudflare.com](mailto:sar@cloudflare.com) with any such subject access
requests (“sar”), and we will respond within thirty (30) days. [CLS] [SEP] customers and
administrators also can access, correct, export, or update their account
information by editing their profile or organization record at cloudflare.com. [CLS] [SEP]

**public dns resolver users.** we do not retain any personal information about
1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the data subject rights
described above. [CLS] [SEP]

**end users.** cloudflare has no direct relationship with end users. [CLS] [SEP] even
where “cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a
domain, unless cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over
a domain’s content. [CLS] [SEP] accordingly, we rely upon our customers to comply with the
underlying legal requirements for subject access requests. [CLS] [SEP] if an end user
requests that we access, correct, update, or delete their information, or no
longer wishes to be contacted by one of our customers that use our services,
we will direct that end user to contact the customer website(s) with which
they interacted directly. [CLS] [SEP] our customers are solely responsible for ensuring
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their
website users. [CLS] [SEP]

  

## 9\. [CLS] [SEP] communication preferences

cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication
preferences in your account settings. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare also will send you service-
related communications. [CLS] [SEP] you may manage your receipt of commercial
communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of
such emails, through your account settings if you have a cloudflare account,
or you may send a request to
[unsubscribe@cloudflare.com](mailto:unsubscribe@cloudflare.com). [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 10\. [CLS] [SEP] data security, data integrity and access

we take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from
loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and/or
destruction. [CLS] [SEP] we have put in place appropriate physical, technical and
administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make
use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. [CLS] [SEP] if you have any
questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us
at [privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com). [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 11\. [CLS] [SEP] notification of changes

if we make changes to this policy that we believe materially impact the
privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any
such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the
updated policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 12\. [CLS] [SEP] business transactions

we may assign or transfer this policy, as well as information covered by this
policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization
of all or part of our business. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 13\. [CLS] [SEP] english language controls

non-english translations of this policy are provided for convenience only. [CLS] [SEP] in
the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the english
version is authoritative and controls. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 14\. [CLS] [SEP] dispute resolution

if you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not
addressed satisfactorily, please contact our u.s.-based third party dispute
resolution provider (free of charge) at <https://feedback-
form.truste.com/watchdog/request>. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 15\. [CLS] [SEP] eu representative

cloudflare portugal, unipessoal lda., further identified in the contact
information section below, is our eu representative pursuant to article 27 of
the eu gdpr. [CLS] [SEP] cloudflare, ltd., further identified in the contact information
section, is our uk representative pursuant to the uk gdpr. [CLS] [SEP]  
  

## 16\. [CLS] [SEP] contact information

**cloudflare, inc.**  
101 townsend st. [CLS] [SEP]  
san francisco, ca 94107  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare, ltd.**  
county hall/the riverside building  
belvedere road  
london, se1 7pb  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare portugal, unipessoal lda.**  
largo rafael bordalo pinheiro 29  
1200-369 lisboa  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare germany gmbh**  
rosental 7  
80331 münchen  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare pte., ltd.**  
182 cecil street, #35-01  
frasers tower, singapore 069547  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare australia pty ltd.**  
333 george st., 5th floor  
sydney, nsw 2000  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare (beijing) information technology co., ltd.**  
16 south guangshun street  
donghuang building 17th floor  
chaoyang district beijing 100015  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare france sas**  
6 place de la madeleine  
75008 paris  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare japan k.k.**  
3-1-6 motoazabu, minato-ku  
tokyo, 106-0046  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

**cloudflare (canada) information technology co., ltd.**  
suite 2600, three bentall centre  
595 burrard street, p.o. [CLS] [SEP] box 49314  
vancouver, bc v7x 1l3  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

### legal

  * [website terms of use](/website-terms)
  * [self-serve subscription agreement](/terms)
  * [supplemental terms](/supplemental-terms)
  * [privacy policy](/privacypolicy)
  * [cookie policy](/cookie-policy)
  * [trust & safety](/abuse)
  * [transparency report](/transparency)
  * [domain registration agreement](/domain-registration-agreement)
  * [modern slavery act statement](/modern-slavery-act-statement)

### have questions?

if you have questions about these terms or anything else about cloudflare,
please don't hesitate to contact us:

+1 (650) 319-8930

**cloudflare, inc.**  
101 townsend st,  
san francisco, ca 94107  
usa  
attention: data protection officer  
[privacyquestions@cloudflare.com](mailto:privacyquestions@cloudflare.com)

  * sales ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ enterprise sales ](/plans/enterprise/contact/)
  * [ become a partner ](/partners/)

contact sales:  
[+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930) [+1 650 319 8930](tel:+16503198930)

  * getting started ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ industry analysts ](/analysts/)
  * [ pricing ](/plans/)
  * [ case studies ](/case-studies/)
  * [ white papers ](/resources/)
  * [ webinars ](/webinars/)
  * [ learning center ](/learning/)

  * community ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ community hub ](https://community.cloudflare.com)
  * [ blog ](https://blog.cloudflare.com)
  * [ project galileo ](/galileo/)
  * [ athenian project ](/athenian/)
  * [ cloudflare for campaigns ](/campaigns/)
  * [ cloudflare tv ](https://cloudflare.tv/)

  * developers ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ developer hub ](https://developers.cloudflare.com)
  * [ cloudflare workers ](/products/cloudflare-workers/)
  * [ integrations ](/integrations/)

  * support ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ help center ](https://support.cloudflare.com)
  * [ cloudflare status ](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com)
  * [ compliance ](/compliance/)
  * [ gdpr ](/gdpr/introduction/)
  * [ trust & safety ](/abuse/)

  * company ![grey arrow pointing down](/img/icons/gray/caret-down.svg)
  * [ about cloudflare ](/about-overview/)
  * [ investor relations ](https://cloudflare.net)
  * [ our team ](/people/)
  * [ press ](/press/)
  * [ careers ](/careers/)
  * [ internet summit ](/internetsummit/)
  * [ logo ](/logo/)
  * [ network map ](/network/)

[![facebook](/img/footer/facebook.svg)](https://www.facebook.com/cloudflare/)
[![twitter](/img/footer/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/cloudflare)
[![linkedin](/img/footer/linkedin.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cloudflare)
[![youtube](/img/footer/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/cloudflare)
[![instagram](/img/footer/instagram.svg)](https://www.instagram.com/cloudflare)
(c) 2021 cloudflare, inc. [CLS] [SEP] [privacy policy](/privacypolicy/) [terms of
use](/website-terms/) [disclosure](/disclosure/) cookie preferences
[trademark](/trademark/)

to provide you with the best possible experience on our website, we may use
cookies, as described [here](/cookie-policy/). [CLS] [SEP]  
by clicking accept, closing this banner, or continuing to browse our websites,
you consent to the use of such cookies. [CLS] [SEP]

i accept

